
*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 74885 ***





                      Catalog of Copyright Entries

                              Third Series




                                                          ISSN 0090–8371

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 29, Parts 12–13, Number 1




                            Motion Pictures

                              January-June
                                  1975


[Illustration: THE ☆ LIBRARY ☆ OF ☆ CONGRESS]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE · THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1976


Library of Congress card no. 6–35347.

This number identifies the Library of Congress printed card for the
complete series of the Catalog of Copyright Entries.

ISSN 0090–8371 _Key title_: Catalog of copyright entries. Third series.
Parts 12–13. Motion pictures.

For sale by the Superintendent of Documents, U. S. Government Printing
Office, Washington, D. C. 20402. Price of this part is given following
the preface.




                                PREFACE


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U. S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D. C. 20402. Orders may be
placed for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or
for the complete _Catalog_, for periods of one, two, or three years. All
orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates of the
part wanted; checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D. C. 20559.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.). For each registration listed, except for
renewals, there has been deposited a copy or copies of the work in
accordance with the provisions contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215
of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.

Each part listed in the following table records registrations in the
class or classes indicated by the alphabetical symbols. The second and
third letters, if any, that follow the initial letter are added by the
Copyright Office for the purpose of statistical analysis. Their
significance is as follows:

 F  Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
     designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
     those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes to
     which it applies, it designates works first published outside the
     United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
     domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

 I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

 O Published works of foreign origin registered under the waiver-of-fee
     provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_).
     (BIO, GFO)

 P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
     possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

 U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
     either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                                                                                                                    Price per Semiannual Issue

   Part 1    Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and Contributions to Periodicals                                                                                    $10.00
      A      Books
     BB      Contributions to periodicals
      R      Renewals registrations

   Part 2    Periodicals (Annual issue)                                                                                                                                   6.00
      B      Periodicals
      R      Renewal registrations

  Parts 3–4  Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery                                                                                                                  3.00
      C      Lectures and other works prepared for oral delivery
      D      Dramatic or dramatico-musical works
      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 5    Music                                                                                                                                                       10.00
      E      Musical compositions
      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 6    Maps and Atlases                                                                                                                                             3.00
      F      Maps
      R      Renewals registrations

 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art, Scientific and Technical Drawings, Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial Illustrations                       3.00
      G      Works of art and models or designs for works of art
      H      Reproductions of works of art
      I      Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific or technical character
      J      Photographs
      K      Prints and pictorial illustrations
      R      Renewal registrations

  Part 11B   Commercial Prints and Labels (Annual issue)                                                                                                                  5.00
     KK      Commercial prints and labels
      R      Renewal registrations

 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures                                                                                                                                              3.00
      L      Motion-picture photoplays
      M      Motion-pictures other than photoplays
      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 14   Sound Recordings                                                                                                                                             5.00
      N      Sound recordings


Subscription price: Complete Catalog for the year $75.00; $18.75
additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U. S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           TABLE OF CONTENTS


                        Index                  1
                        Current Registrations 47
                        Renewal Registrations 96




                              INTRODUCTION


Parts 12–13 list all registrations made in classes L and M for the
period covered by this issue. An index of names and titles associated
with the work is followed by the main entries, listed in order by
registration number. Filing of the index is letter by letter, except in
the case of inverted names which are filed up to the comma or
parenthesis, after which letter by letter filing is resumed.

The main entries include, when applicable, the following information
derived from the work and application.

  1. Title, followed by subtitle and/or descriptive statements. The
       authorship of the work is included in this statement, with the
       nature of authorship (if available).

  2. Edition statement.

  3. Country of publication for works registered as foreign or as ad
       interim works.

  4. Label name and number for registered sound recordings.

  5. Physical description of the deposit.

  6. Series statement.

  7. Additional titles associated with the registered work such as
       variant titles, alternative titles, translated titles, etc.

  8. Notes; information is given here which serves to supplement the
       data that is given elsewhere in the entry in order to describe a
       work more accurately or identify it more explicitly.

  9. Statement that the registered work is published in or as part of
       another work, or is bound with another independent work.

 10. Names of authors given in the application which do not appear
       elsewhere in the entry.

 11. Statement of those materials contained in the registered work on
       which copyright is not claimed, when so stated in the
       application.

 12. Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

 13. Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed
       when so stated in the application.

 14. Copyright symbol © or ℗.

 15. A statement of limitation of claim if the application or notice on
       the work explicitly limits the claim.

 16. Name of the copyright claimant.

 17. Date of publication for published works; for unpublished works the
       date on which the last of all items required to complete
       registration (i.e., copy, application, and fee) was received in
       the Copyright Office.

 18. Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or the date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © John Doe; 11Jan75 (in
notice: 1974).

For renewal registrations the original date of publication and
registration number precede the name of the claimant of the renewal
registration. Following the name of the renewal claimant is a statement
in parentheses, usually abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal
claim as supplied by the application; e.g., “John Doe (A)” indicates
that John Doe has made renewal claim as author.

Works deposited in connection with current copyright registrations may
be selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Catalog Distribution Service
Division, Building No. 159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.

    Class L— Domestic published motion-picture photoplays         560

             Foreign published motion-picture photoplays           54

             Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                 14

    Class M— Domestic published motion pictures other than      1,057
               photoplays

             Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays    214

                                                                —————

     Total                                                      1,899

    Renewals (Classes L and M)                                    580

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
for January-June 1975, but do not necessarily represent the exact number
of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.
Registration figures for other classes of material may be found in the
respective parts.




                       ABBREVIATIONS AND SYMBOLS


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 au.              author(s)

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 in.              inches

 ips.             inches per second

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 ℗                copyright symbol for sound recordings

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv. print.     privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 r.p.m.           revolutions per minute

 s.               side(s)

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 ti.              title(s)

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v., vol.         volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author




                  INDEX - MOTION PICTURES & FILMSTRIPS

 ABBA presents.
   LP44528 0062

 ABBA Productions.
   LP44528 0062

 ABC movies of the week.
   LP44019 0049

 ABC Pictures Corporation.
   LP44190 0054
   LP44191 0054
   LP44192 0054

 Abdomen.
   MP26925 0085
   MU9342 0095

 Acceleration.
   MP26271 0068

 Accidents won’t happen.
   MP27069 0089

 Achard, Marcel.
   LF227 0047

 ACI.
   MP26317 0069

 Ackerman (Nathan W.) Family Institute, Inc.
   MP26209 0066

 Action in sports.
   R595449 0097

 Action—reaction.
   MP26275 0068

 Act of duty.
   LP44436 0060

 Adams of Eagle Lake.
   LP44015 0049
   LP44205 0054

 Adam-12.
   LP44362 0058
   LP44363 0058
   LP44364 0058
   LP44365 0058
   LP44366 0058
   LP44367 0058

 Adam-12 Productions.
   LP44362 0058
   LP44363 0058
   LP44364 0058
   LP44365 0058
   LP44366 0058
   LP44367 0058

 Adder Productions, Ltd.
   LF221 0047
   LF250 0048

 Administrative services staff training course.
   MP26212 0066
   MP26213 0066
   MP26214 0066
   MP26215 0066
   MP26216 0066
   MP26217 0066
   MP26218 0066
   MP26219 0066
   MP26220 0066
   MP26221 0066
   MP26222 0066
   MP26223 0066
   MP26224 0067
   MP26225 0067
   MP26226 0067
   MP26227 0067

 Administrative services staff training course introduction.
   MP26222 0066

 Administrative services staff training school preview.
   MP26225 0067

 The Adult chest.
   MU9341 0095

 Adventures in Silverado.
   R604911 0103

 Aetna drivotrainer film series.
   MP26495 0074
   MP26496 0074

 Aetna Life and Casualty.
   MP26254 0067
   MP26486 0073
   MP26487 0074
   MP26495 0074
   MP26496 0074

 Aetna Life and Casualty. Public Relations and Advertising Department.
   MP26254 0067

 Afghan Films.
   MP26473 0073
   MP26474 0073
   MP26475 0073

 Afghanistan.
   MP26475 0073

 Afghan nomads: the Maldar.
   MP26473 0073

 Afghan village.
   MP26475 0073

 Afghan women.
   MP26472 0073

 AFT Distributing Corporation.
   LP44348 0058

 Aftershock.
   LP44229 0055

 Agenda for tomorrow.
   MU9247 0093

 The Age of ballyhoo.
   MP27011 0088

 The Aggregate and Concrete Association of Northern California. SEE
    Aggregates and Concrete Association of Northern California Inc.

 Aggregates and Concrete Association of Northern California Inc.
   MP26207 0066

 Aggression and mating.
   MP26561 0075

 Air of Irish spring.
   MP26936 0086

 The Air pirates: can they be stopped?
   MP26677 0079

 Airport.
   LP44252 0055

 Airport 1975.
   LP44252 0055

 Air pressure.
   MP26273 0068

 Alarm!
   MP26713 0080

 The Alaska Federation of Natives, Inc.
   MP26759 0081

 The Alaskan eskimo—a way of life.
   MP26759 0081

 Albany Medical College.
   MP26905 0085

 The Albatross.
   LP44435 0060

 Alberto Culver Company.
   MU9178 0091
   MU9179 0091
   MU9180 0091
   MU9204 0092
   MU9205 0092
   MU9206 0092
   MU9207 0092
   MU9335 0094
   MU9336 0094
   MU9372 0095
   MU9374 0095
   MU9385 0096

 Albuquerque.
   R603239 0102

 Alesse, Tom.
   MP26318 0069

 Alfra.
   LP43997 0048
   LP43998 0049
   LP43999 0049
   LP44000 0049
   LP44123 0052
   LP44124 0052
   LP44125 0052
   LP44126 0052
   LP44206 0054
   LP44207 0054
   LP44208 0054
   LP44209 0054
   LP44227 0055
   LP44228 0055
   LP44229 0055
   LP44230 0055

 Alias a gentleman.
   R596217 0098

 Alice doesn’t live here anymore.
   LP44049 0050
   LP44203 0054

 All coppers are?
   LP226 0047

 All cops are?
   LP226 0047

 Allen, Robert Day.
   MP26228 0067

 Allen Ginsberg at Massosoit Community College, April 2 1974.
   MU9249 0093

 Alliance Productions, Ltd.
   R605231 0104

 Allied Artists Pictures Corporation.
   R596349 0098
   R596350 0098
   R596351 0098
   R598919 0099
   R598920 0099
   R598922 0099
   R598923 0099
   R598924 0099
   R598925 0099
   R598926 0099
   R598929 0099
   R598930 0100
   R598931 0100
   R598932 0100

 Allied Artists Productions, Inc.
   R598921 0099
   R598927 0099

 An Alligator named Daisy.
   LF242 0047

 All in the family.
   LP44104 0051
   LP44105 0051
   LP44106 0051
   LP44107 0052
   LP44108 0052
   LP44109 0052
   LP44110 0052
   LP44111 0052
   LP44151 0053
   LP44152 0053
   LP44217 0054
   LP44219 0054
   LP44221 0054
   LP44222 0054
   LP44223 0054
   LP44224 0054
   LP44225 0054
   LP44332 0058
   LP44333 0058
   LP44334 0058
   LP44341 0058
   LP44342 0058
   LP44344 0058
   LP44345 0058
   LP44529 0062
   LP44530 0062
   LP44531 0062

 All kinds of people.
   LP44082 0051

 All my darling daughters.
   LP44337 0058

 All psyched out.
   LP44218 0054

 All’s fair.
   LP44341 0058

 All’s fair at the fair.
   R595448 0097

 All the animals.
   LP44146 0052

 All things considered.
   MP26104 0063

 Aloha, Bobby and Rose.
   LP44339 0058

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   MP26706 0079

 Altschul, Joel.
   MP26706 0079

 Alvino Rey and his orchestra.
   R595485 0098

 Always together.
   R597862 0099

 The Amazing Life Games Company.
   MP26532 0075
   MP26888 0084

 Ambassador College, a subsidiary of the Worldwide Church of God. SEE
    Worldwide Church of God. Ambassador College, Pasadena.

 Ambassador College, Pasadena.
   MP26793 0082
   MP26794 0082
   MP26795 0082
   MP26796 0082
   MP26797 0082
   MP26798 0082
   MP26799 0082
   MP26800 0082
   MP26801 0082

 Amberson.
   MP26937 0086
   MP26938 0086

 America goes metric.
   MP26746 0080

 American Bar Association.
   MP26237 0067
   MP26238 0067
   MP26239 0067
   MP26240 0067

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   R606687 0105

 American Broadcasting Company.
   LP44454 0061

 American Cancer Society, Inc.
   MP26336 0069
   MP26337 0069
   MP26338 0069
   MP26339 0069
   MP26340 0069
   MP26341 0069
   MP26342 0069
   MP26343 0069
   MP26344 0069
   MP26345 0070
   MP26346 0070
   MP26347 0070
   MP26348 0070
   MP26349 0070
   MP26350 0070
   MP26351 0070
   MP26352 0070
   MP26353 0070

 The American documents.
   MP27011 0088
   MP27012 0088

 American Educational Films.
   MP26253 0067

 American family series.
   MP26111 0064

 American Film Producers.
   R606245 0105

 American Film Properties.
   LP44087 0051

 American history series.
   LP44248 0055
   LP44249 0055

 American Honda Motor Company, Inc.
   MP26205 0066

 The American Humane Association.
   MP26639 0078

 American International.
   LP43983 0048

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   LP43982 0048
   LP44128 0052
   LP44129 0052
   LP44130 0052
   LP44132 0052
   LP44133 0052
   LP44134 0052
   LP44135 0052
   LP44136 0052

 American International Productions.
   LP44041 0050
   LP44042 0050
   LP44043 0050
   LP44045 0050
   LP44131 0052

 American International Productions, Inc.
   LP43984 0048

 American National Enterprises, Inc.
   MU9351 0095

 The American National Red Cross.
   MP26102 0063
   MP26840 0083
   MP26841 0083
   MP26842 0083
   MP26843 0083
   MP26844 0083
   MP26845 0083
   MP26846 0083
   MP26847 0083
   MP26848 0083

 The American parade.
   MP26685 0079
   MP26890 0084

 The American parade, episode 2.
   MP26664 0078

 The American parade, episode 3.
   MP26663 0078

 The American parade, episode 5.
   MP26665 0078

 The American Revolution: 1770–1783.
   MP26678 0079

 American Society of Clinical Pathologists.
   MP26303 0068
   MP26304 0068
   MP26889 0084

 American Society of Clinical Pathologists. Division of Educational
    Media Services.
   MP26303 0068
   MP26304 0068

 American solutions.
   MP26289 0068
   MP26290 0068

 American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
   LP44082 0051

 American Universities Field Staff, Inc.
   MP26471 0073
   MP26472 0073
   MP26473 0073
   MP26474 0073
   MP26475 0073
   MP26476 0073
   MP26477 0073
   MP26478 0073
   MP26479 0073
   MP26480 0073
   MP26481 0073
   MP26482 0073
   MP26483 0073
   MP26484 0073
   MP26485 0073
   MP26822 0083
   MP26823 0083
   MP26824 0083
   MP26825 0083
   MP26903 0085
   MP26967 0087
   MP26968 0087
   MP26969 0087
   MP26975 0087
   MP26976 0087

 Amherst Media, Inc.
   MP26318 0069

 Amy Prentiss: a.k.a. the chief.
   LP44176 0053

 Analysis of body movement styles and interaction in psychotherapy.
   MP26714 0080

 The Anatomical basis of brain function.
   MU9185 0091
   MU9300 0094
   MU9310 0094
   MU9311 0094

 The Anatomy of a symphony orchestra.
   MP26565 0075

 Andean women.
   MP26975 0087

 Andersen (Arthur) and Company.
   MP26212 0066
   MP26213 0066
   MP26214 0066
   MP26215 0066
   MP26216 0066
   MP26217 0066
   MP26218 0066
   MP26219 0066
   MP26220 0066
   MP26221 0066
   MP26222 0066
   MP26223 0066
   MP26224 0067
   MP26225 0067
   MP26226 0067
   MP26227 0067

 Andersen, Hans Christian.
   MP27054 0089

 Anderson, Hans Christian. SEE Andersen, Hans Christian.

 Andrew Carnegie: the gospel of wealth.
   LP44243 0055

 Andrews, Bettye J.
   MU9181 0091

 And the children shall lead.
   LP44377 0059

 And then there were none.
   LP44353 0058

 And the walls came tumbling down.
   MU9182 0091

 Angel’s Alley.
   R600398 0101

 Animals and what they do.
   MP26161 0065

 Animated soundtrack.
   MU9198 0092

 Annette.
   MU9180 0091

 The Anniversary.
   LP44075 0051

 Annual planning.
   MP26226 0067

 Anonymous Releasing Triumvirate, Inc.
   LU3693 0063

 Anti-friction bearings installation and removal.
   MP26312 0069

 Antonia.
   MP26115 0064

 Antonia: a portrait of the woman.
   MP26115 0064

 The Apple.
   LP44259 0056

 April showers.
   R602707 0102

 Aqua Film.
   LF235 0047

 Ara, pseud. SEE Royere, William.

 The Arab-Israeli conflict.
   MP26259 0067

 The Arbor bolt story.
   MP26491 0074

 Arbor Hill Elementary School.
   LU3683 0063

 Archie and the computer.
   LP44221 0054

 Archie and the kiss.
   LP44152 0053

 Archie and the miracle.
   LP44223 0054

 Archie is missing!
   LP44105 0051

 Archie Moore versus Yvonne Durelle, first, December 10 1958, Montreal,
    Canada.
   MP26959 0086

 Archie Moore versus Yvonne Durelle, Montreal, Canada, December 10 1958.
   MP26959 0086

 Archie’s contract.
   LP44225 0054

 Archie’s raise.
   LP44111 0052

 Archie underfoot.
   LP44109 0052

 Arcturus Productions, Ltd.
   LF232 0047

 Arden, Stuart. SEE Parnassus Productions.

 Arena of fear.
   LP44498 0062

 Argosy Pictures Corporation.
   R604562 0103
   R605230 0104

 The Argyle secrets.
   R600257 0101

 Aries Films, Inc.
   LP44411 0060

 The Arizona ranger.
   R604564 0103

 The Armageddon gang.
   LP44181 0053

 The Arms debate.
   MP26243 0067

 Arnold, Ronald H.
   SEE Northwoods Studio.

 Art for art’s sake.
   MP27060 0089

 Arthur takes over.
   R608165 0105

 The Artist as a reporter.
   MP26776 0081

 The Art of dictation.
   MU9308 0094

 The Art of helping.
   MP26331 0069

 Art of helping videotape series.
   MP26329 0069

 The Art of helping, 1.
   MP26332 0069

 The Art of helping, 2.
   MP26330 0069

 The Art of helping, 3.
   MP26307 0069

 The Art of helping, 4.
   MP26308 0069

 Asinof, Eliot.
   LP44409 0060

 As long as they’re happy.
   LF214 0047

 Assault.
   LF261 0048

 Assonitis, Ovidio.
   LP43982 0048

 Astral Presentations, Inc.
   LU3686 0063

 The Astrologer.
   LP44270 0056

 A.T. and T.
   SEE American Telephone and Telegraph Company.

 The Athletes.
   MP26641 0078
   MP26642 0078
   MP26643 0078
   MP26644 0078
   MP26645 0078

 Atlantic Productions, Inc.
   R595283 0096

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   MP26259 0067
   MP26260 0067

 At long last love.
   LP44216 0054

 Attending.
   MP26332 0069

 Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University.
   SEE Indiana University, Bloomington. Audio-Visual Center.

 Authority.
   MP26898 0084

 Authors Research Company.
   R603053 0102

 Auto theft.
   MP26697 0079

 Avco Embassy Pictures.
   LF220 0047

 A-V Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.
   MU9185 0091
   MU9190 0091
   MU9197 0091
   MU9200 0092
   MU9201 0092
   MU9202 0092
   MU9203 0092
   MU9209 0092
   MU9210 0092
   MU9297 0094
   MU9298 0094
   MU9299 0094
   MU9300 0094
   MU9303 0094
   MU9310 0094
   MU9311 0094
   MU9375 0095

 Avogadro’s principle.
   MP26186 0065

 Award Productions, Inc.
   R599482 0100

 Aya, pseud.
   SEE Royere, Idell Tarlow.

 Ay, yo hice un error!
   LP44143 0052

 Back alley oproar.
   R595462 0097

 Bad cats and sudden death.
   LP44516 0062

 Baer, Max.
   LP43983 0048

 Baer (Max) Productions, Inc.
   LP43983 0048

 Bailey (Bob) Productions.
   MP26970 0087

 Bailey (Bob) Studios, Inc.
   MP26970 0087

 Baja: a road to manhood.
   MP26205 0066

 Baker, Trudy.
   LP44150 0053

 Baker, William.
   MP26696 0079

 The Ballad of the Belstone Fox.
   LF246 0048

 Ball handling.
   MP26234 0067

 Bambara Parfait—portrait of a living sculptor of Upper Volta, West
    Africa.
   MU9191 0091

 Bamboo gods and iron men.
   LP44129 0052

 The Band director.
   MP26852 0083

 Bandits of Dark Canyon.
   R606059 0104

 The Bandmaster.
   R596787 0098

 The Bank.
   LP44396 0059

 Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, Los Angeles.
   R601536 0102

 Barely proper.
   LP44214 0054

 Barely Proper Distributing Company, Inc.
   LP44214 0054

 Barnaby Jones.
   LP44445 0061
   LP44446 0061
   LP44447 0061
   LP44448 0061
   LP44449 0061
   LP44450 0061
   LP44451 0061
   LP44452 0061
   LP44453 0061
   LP44455 0061
   LP44456 0061
   LP44457 0061
   LP44458 0061
   LP44459 0061
   LP44460 0061
   LP44461 0061
   LP44462 0061
   LP44463 0061
   LP44464 0061
   LP44465 0061
   LP44466 0061
   LP44467 0061
   LP44468 0061
   LP44469 0061
   LP44470 0061
   LP44471 0061
   LP44472 0061
   LP44473 0061
   LP44474 0061
   LP44475 0061
   LP44476 0061
   LP44477 0061
   LP44478 0061
   LP44479 0061

 Barney Ross versus Tony Canzoneri for the World Lightweight title, New
    York City, New York, September 12, 1933.
   MP26607 0077

 Le Baron Fantom.
   LP44331 0058

 Barry, Julian.
   LP44016 0049

 The Barycentric solar system graphically displayed by sunplot.
   MP26460 0073

 Basic electricity 1.
   MP26251 0067

 Basic electricity 2.
   MP26252 0067

 Basic laboratory techniques in chemistry.
   MP26124 0064
   MP26125 0064
   MP26126 0064
   MP26127 0064
   MP26128 0064

 Basic psychology.
   MP26359 0070
   MP26360 0070
   MP26361 0070
   MP26362 0070
   MP26774 0081

 Basic skills.
   MP26235 0067

 Basic terms.
   MP26137 0064

 Basic terms of maintenance.
   MP26137 0064

 Basic Training.
   MP26778 0081

 The Basic Training Company, Inc.
   MP26777 0081
   MP26778 0081

 Basic tumbling skills.
   MP26190 0066

 Batch programming.
   MP26545 0075

 Batch programming considerations.
   MP26542 0075

 Bates, Barbara.
   MP26913 0085
   MP26914 0085
   MP26915 0085
   MP26916 0085
   MP26917 0085
   MP26918 0085
   MP26919 0085
   MP26920 0085
   MP26921 0085
   MP26922 0085
   MP26923 0085
   MP26924 0085
   MP26925 0085

 Bathroom.
   MP26827 0083

 Batjac Productions, Inc.
   MP26755 0081

 Batter up.
   MP27071 0089

 Battle Corporation, N. V.
   LP44330 0057

 The Battle of the River Plate.
   LF232 0047

 The Battle of the River Platt.
   LF232 0047

 Bay State Film Productions, Inc.
   MP26208 0066
   MP26228 0067

 Beachhead in paradise.
   MP26113 0064

 Beacon Productions, Inc.
   R606036 0104

 The Bear and the bean.
   R596214 0098

 Bearheart of the great Northwest.
   LP44060 0050

 The Beat goes on.
   LP44541 0063

 The Beats go on: Percussion from Pleistocene to paradiddle.
   LP44541 0063

 Beautiful people.
   MP26335 0069

 Beck (John) Creative Film Productions.
   MP26746 0080

 Beehive Superbee display terminal.
   MP26989 0087

 Before the revolution.
   MP26832 0083

 Before you take that bite.
   MP26089 0063

 Before you take that bite (nutrition).
   MP26089 0063

 Beg, borrow, or steal.
   LP44055 0050

 Beginning mathematics.
   MP26095 0063
   MP26118 0064

 Beginning tumbling.
   MP26190 0066

 The Behavior and business film series.
   MP26166 0065
   MP26167 0065
   MP26168 0065
   MP26319 0069
   MP26805 0082

 Being me.
   MU9187 0091

 The Belstone Fox.
   LF246 0048

 Be my valentine, Charlie Brown.
   LP44195 0054

 Beneficial Corporation.
   MP26533 0075
   MP26534 0075
   MP26535 0075
   MP26536 0075
   MP26537 0075
   MP26538 0075
   MP26539 0075
   MP26540 0075

 Bennett (Nathan) and Associates.
   MU9302 0094

 Benny (Kid) Paret versus Gene Fullmer, December 9, 1961, Las Vegas,
    Nevada.
   MP26953 0086

 Berard, Costan W.
   MP26304 0068

 Berends, Polly Berrien.
   LP44242 0055

 Bergman, Lester V.
   LP44310 0057
   LP44311 0057
   LP44312 0057
   LP44313 0057
   LP44314 0057
   LP44315 0057
   LP44316 0057
   LP44317 0057

 Bernstein, Leonard.
   MP26937 0086
   MP26938 0086

 Bessie, Dan.
   MP26206 0066

 The Best Congress money can buy.
   MP26745 0080

 The Best man wins.
   R604917 0104

 The Better to see you.
   MU9199 0092

 Bet your life.
   R598785 0099

 Beveridge (James) Associates.
   MP26991 0087

 Beyond the moon.
   MP26497 0074

 Beyond vengeance.
   LP44443 0061

 B. F.’s daughter.
   R602594 0102

 The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust, Los Angeles.
   MP26459 0073

 Bicycle safety TV spots.
   MP26248 0067

 Big city.
   MP27083 0090
   R600053 0101

 The Big clock.
   R603241 0102

 The Big Fights, Inc.
   MP26604 0077
   MP26632 0077

 The Big fights of the decades.
   MP26593 0076
   MP26594 0076
   MP26596 0076
   MP26597 0076
   MP26598 0076
   MP26599 0076
   MP26600 0076
   MP26601 0076
   MP26602 0076
   MP26603 0077
   MP26605 0077
   MP26606 0077
   MP26608 0077
   MP26609 0077
   MP26610 0077
   MP26611 0077
   MP26612 0077
   MP26613 0077
   MP26614 0077
   MP26615 0077
   MP26616 0077
   MP26617 0077
   MP26618 0077
   MP26619 0077
   MP26620 0077
   MP26621 0077
   MP26622 0077
   MP26623 0077
   MP26624 0077
   MP26625 0077
   MP26626 0077
   MP26627 0077
   MP26628 0077
   MP26629 0077
   MP26630 0077
   MP26631 0077
   MP26633 0078
   MP26634 0078
   MP26635 0078
   MP26636 0078
   MP26637 0078
   MP26773 0081
   MP26939 0086
   MP26940 0086
   MP26941 0086
   MP26942 0086
   MP26943 0086
   MP26944 0086
   MP26945 0086
   MP26946 0086
   MP26947 0086
   MP26948 0086
   MP26949 0086
   MP26950 0086
   MP26951 0086
   MP26952 0086
   MP26953 0086
   MP26954 0086
   MP26955 0086
   MP26956 0086
   MP26957 0086
   MP26958 0086
   MP26959 0086
   MP26960 0087
   MP26961 0087
   MP26962 0087
   MP26963 0087
   MP26964 0087
   MP26965 0087
   MP26966 0087

 The Big fix.
   R599775 0100

 Bighorn Productions, Inc.
   MP26729 0080

 The Big three.
   MP26309 0069

 Bike-wise, to be sure.
   MP26176 0065

 Bill Barber—skating drills.
   MP26464 0073

 Bill Barber—skating techniques.
   MP26464 0073

 Billy Jack Enterprises, Inc.
   LP44048 0050

 Billy Kilgore—Jack LaMotta, April 14, 1954, Miami Beach, Florida.
   MP26946 0086

 Billy the Clean.
   MP26885 0084

 Biology today.
   MP26110 0064

 Bird flight.
   MP26751 0081

 Birds in winter.
   MP26884 0084

 Birds that hunt.
   MP26785 0082

 The Bishop’s wife.
   R605070 0104

 A Bit of class.
   LP44298 0057

 Bitter legion.
   LP44526 0062

 Bitter wine.
   LP44430 0060

 Black artists in America.
   MP26715 0080

 The Black art of dying.
   LP44472 0061

 Black gold.
   R598921 0099

 Black Hills.
   R599798 0101

 Black is the color of my true love’s wig.
   LP44334 0058

 Black Jesus.
   LP44416 0060

 The Black pirate.
   LP43994 0048

 The Black tent.
   LF237 0047

 Blanche fury.
   R598717 0099

 Bless this house.
   LF209 0047

 Blind terror.
   LP44473 0061

 Block, James.
   SEE Eastwind Productions.

 Blondie’s anniversary.
   R598870 0099

 Blood money.
   LP44487 0061

 Blood on the mountain.
   MP26865 0084

 The Blood wet mount.
   MP26696 0079

 Blue Ridge Films.
   MP26099 0063

 Boardwalk Productions.
   LP44012 0049

 Boating safety and rescues.
   MP26843 0083

 Bobby Clarke—center ice skills.
   MP26494 0074

 Bobby loved me.
   LP44485 0061

 Bob Foster versus Vincente Rondon for World Light Heavyweight Title,
    Miami Beach, Florida, April 2, 1972.
   MP26615 0077

 Bodel, Sergei.
   SEE Eastwind Productions.

 Bodsworth, Fred.
   LP44085 0051

 Body and soul.
   R599800 0101

 The Bold frontiersman.
   R606066 0105

 Boldrewood, Rolf.
   LF238 0047

 Boltons Trading Corporation.
   LP44343 0058

 Bone sweet bone.
   R595464 0097

 Bonnecarrere, Paul.
   LP44360 0058

 Boothroyd, Derrick.
   LF216 0047

 Boran herdsmen.
   MP26968 0087

 Boran women.
   MP26967 0087

 Borden Productions, Inc.
   MP26751 0081

 Border feud.
   R599778 0100

 Bosco’s woodland daze.
   MP27064 0089

 Bosko’s woodland daze.
   MP27064 0089

 Boss nigger.
   LP44079 0051

 Boss Productions, Ltd.
   LP44079 0051

 Boston beanie.
   R595294 0096

 Bosustow (Stephen) Productions.
   LP44539 0063
   LP44540 0063
   LP44541 0063

 Both sides of the street.
   MU9390 0096

 Boulder.
   MP26322 0069

 Bowling, Mary C.
   MP26304 0068

 Bows and errors.
   LP44037 0050

 A Boy named Terry Egan.
   MP26681 0079

 The Boy who didn’t listen.
   MP26098 0063

 Brace yourself.
   LP44201 0054

 The Brady bunch.
   LP44199 0054
   LP44200 0054
   LP44201 0054
   LP44202 0054
   LP44203 0054
   LP44204 0054

 Brakhage, Stan.
   MP26174 0065

 Brannigan.
   LP44330 0057

 Breakfast.
   MU9386 0096

 Breakout.
   LP44409 0060

 Breast cancer: where we are.
   MP26346 0070

 Breast cancer: where we are promo.
   MP26345 0070

 Breast feeding.
   MP26659 0078

 Breasts and axillae.
   MP26913 0085

 Breathe in, breathe out.
   MP26229 0067

 Breathing masks: challenge and change.
   MU9197 0091

 Breath test—D.U.I.
   MP26150 0065

 Brecht, Bertolt.
   LP44348 0058

 Brese, Frank.
   SEE Bresee, Frank.

 Bresee, Frank.
   MP26109 0064
   MP26591 0076

 The Bride goes wild.
   R599454 0100

 Bridgewater Film Production, Ltd.
   LP44194 0054

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT.
   MP26316 0069

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. KBYU (Television station)
   MP26100 0063

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.
   MP26316 0069

 Briskin (Mort) Productions.
   LP44240 0055

 British Film Makers, Ltd.
   LF215 0047
   LF245 0048

 British Lion Films, Ltd.
   LF257 0048

 Brock’s last case.
   LP44158 0053

 Broken journey.
   R598720 0099

 Brooks, Rand.
   LP44060 0050

 Bro-Rog Pictures Corporation.
   R599796 0101

 Brother knows best.
   R597221 0098

 Brown, J. E.
   LP44454 0061

 Brown, Michael R.
   LP44102 0051

 Brown, T. K., 3rd.
   LP44232 0055

 Brownian motion and random walk.
   MP26180 0065

 Bruckner: the fourth B?
   MP26779 0081

 Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc.
   LP44062 0050
   LP44063 0050
   LP44154 0053
   LP44241 0055

 Buffalos of Botswana.
   MP26732 0080

 Bugs Bunny rides again.
   R595466 0097

 The Bullet.
   LP44424 0060

 The Bunkers and inflation.
   LP44107 0052
   LP44109 0052
   LP44110 0052
   LP44111 0052

 Bunny club 0830.
   MP26357 0070

 Burning bright.
   LP44032 0050

 The Burning cross.
   R606034 0104

 The Burning hell.
   LP44127 0052

 Burroughs, Edgar Rice.
   R603243 0102

 Bury me dead.
   R599799 0101

 .sp 2
 Cadillac electronic fuel injection.
   MP26767 0081

 Cadillac Motor Car Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Cadillac Motor Car Division.

 Cahan, Abraham.
   LP44040 0050

 Caidin, Martin.
   LP44019 0049
   LP44022 0049
   LP44023 0049
   LP44024 0049
   LP44025 0049
   LP44026 0049
   LP44027 0049
   LP44028 0049
   LP44029 0049
   LP44030 0049
   LP44031 0050
   LP44032 0050
   LP44033 0050
   LP44034 0050

 Calhoon, Barbara.
   MP26638 0078

 Calhoon, Clair.
   MP26638 0078

 California Association of Realtors.
   MP26559 0075

 California firebrand.
   R606064 0105

 California Real Estate Association.
   MP26868 0084

 Callaghan, George Michael.
   MP26256 0067

 Call Northside 777.
   R596842 0098

 Call of the whale.
   MP26105 0063
   MP26106 0063

 Calvin Communications, Inc.
   MP26552 0075

 Cambridge Films.
   MP26551 0075

 Cameron, Ian.
   LP44063 0050

 Campbell Devon Productions.
   LP44065 0050

 Campbell’s Kingdom.
   LF236 0047

 Campus honeymoon.
   R606060 0104

 C and P Telephone Company of Maryland.
   SEE The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company of Maryland.

 Cannon.
   LP44480 0061
   LP44481 0061
   LP44482 0061
   LP44483 0061
   LP44484 0061
   LP44485 0061
   LP44486 0061
   LP44487 0061
   LP44488 0062
   LP44489 0062
   LP44490 0062
   LP44491 0062
   LP44492 0062
   LP44493 0062
   LP44494 0062
   LP44495 0062
   LP44496 0062
   LP44497 0062
   LP44498 0062
   LP44499 0062
   LP44500 0062
   LP44501 0062
   LP44502 0062
   LP44503 0062
   LP44504 0062
   LP44505 0062
   LP44506 0062
   LP44507 0062
   LP44508 0062
   LP44509 0062
   LP44510 0062
   LP44511 0062
   LP44512 0062
   LP44513 0062
   LP44514 0062
   LP44515 0062
   LP44516 0062
   LP44517 0062
   LP44518 0062
   LP44519 0062
   LP44520 0062
   LP44521 0062
   LP44522 0062
   LP44523 0062
   LP44524 0062
   LP44525 0062
   LP44526 0062
   LP44527 0062

 Capital transfer.
   MP26122 0064

 Captain from Castile.
   R594654 0096

 Captain Kelly.
   MU9250 0093

 Captain Kronos: vampire hunter.
   LF254 0048

 Captain Silver’s last stand.
   R595031 0096

 Captives.
   LP44206 0054

 Career opportunities with C and P Telephone.
   MU9306 0094

 Care of the feet.
   MP26455 0073

 Carl “Bobo” Olson versus Rocky Castellani, August 20, 1954, San
    Francisco, California.
   MP26964 0087

 Carl “Bobo” Olson versus Rocky Castellani, San Francisco, California,
    August 20, 1954.
   MP26964 0087

 Carlos, Paul Gus.
   LU3689 0063

 Carlos Molina and his orchestra.
   R595484 0098

 Carmen Basilio versus Johnny Saxton for Welterweight Championship,
    Syracuse, New York, September 12, 1956.
   MP26596 0076

 Carnivorous plants.
   MP26554 0075

 Carroll, G. T.
   MP26489 0074

 Carroll, Pat.
   SEE Carroll, G. T.

 Carry on abroad.
   LF229 0047

 Carry on again doctor.
   LF248 0048

 Carry on at your convenience.
   LF251 0048

 Carry on girls.
   LF247 0048

 Carry on loving.
   LF222 0047

 Carry on matron.
   LF249 0048

 Carry on up the jungle.
   LF221 0047

 Carry on up the Khyber.
   LF250 0048

 Carson’s last draw.
   R595299 0097

 Carve her name with pride.
   LF230 0047

 The Case against Milligan.
   MP26665 0078

 The Case of the elevator duck.
   LP44242 0055

 The Case of the plastic peril.
   MP26504 0074

 Cassius Clay—Doug Jones, March 10, 1963, New York City.
   MP26939 0086

 Cassius Clay versus Billy Daniels, May 19, 1962, New York, New York.
   MP26942 0086

 Cassius Clay versus Billy Daniels, New York, New York, May 19, 1962.
   MP26942 0086

 Cassius Clay versus Doug Jones, March 13, 1963, New York, New York.
   MP26939 0086

 Cassius Clay versus Floyd Patterson for Heavyweight Championship, Las
    Vegas, Nevada, November 22, 1965.
   MP26620 0077

 Cassius Clay versus Sonny Banks, February 10, 1962, New York, New York.
   MP26941 0086

 Cassius Clay versus Sonny Banks, New York, New York, February 10, 1962.
   MP26941 0086

 Cassius Clay versus Sonny Liston for Heavyweight Championship,
    Lewiston, Maine, May 25, 1965.
   MP26635 0078

 Castillo, Mario E.
   MU9198 0092

 Castro, Cuba and the United States of America.
   MP26514 0074

 The Casualty-Property Department—a preview.
   MP26709 0079

 Catch as cats can.
   R595450 0097

 Catch me if you can.
   LP44477 0061
   LP44505 0062

 Cathedrals.
   LP44069 0051

 Cat-tastrophy.
   R595303 0097

 Caught in a rip-off.
   MP26177 0065

 Caution: Drinking water may be dangerous to your health.
   MP26515 0074

 Cayton, William.
   MP27071 0089

 Cayton, William D.
   MP26592 0076
   MP26593 0076
   MP26594 0076
   MP26595 0076
   MP26596 0076
   MP26597 0076
   MP26598 0076
   MP26599 0076
   MP26600 0076
   MP26601 0076
   MP26602 0076
   MP26603 0077
   MP26604 0077
   MP26605 0077
   MP26606 0077
   MP26607 0077
   MP26608 0077
   MP26609 0077
   MP26610 0077
   MP26611 0077
   MP26612 0077
   MP26613 0077
   MP26614 0077
   MP26615 0077
   MP26616 0077
   MP26617 0077
   MP26618 0077
   MP26619 0077
   MP26620 0077
   MP26621 0077
   MP26622 0077
   MP26623 0077
   MP26624 0077
   MP26625 0077
   MP26626 0077
   MP26627 0077
   MP26628 0077
   MP26629 0077
   MP26630 0077
   MP26631 0077
   MP26632 0077
   MP26633 0078
   MP26634 0078
   MP26635 0078
   MP26636 0078
   MP26637 0078
   MP26773 0081
   MP26939 0086
   MP26640 0086
   MP26941 0086
   MP26942 0086
   MP26943 0086
   MP26944 0086
   MP26945 0086
   MP26946 0086
   MP26947 0086
   MP26948 0086
   MP26949 0086
   MP26950 0086
   MP26951 0086
   MP26952 0086
   MP26953 0086
   MP26954 0086
   MP26955 0086
   MP26956 0086
   MP26957 0086
   MP26958 0086
   MP26959 0086
   MP26960 0087
   MP26961 0087
   MP26962 0087
   MP26963 0087
   MP26964 0087
   MP26965 0087
   MP26966 0087
   MP27050 0089
   MP27051 0089
   MP27052 0089
   MP27053 0089
   MP27054 0089
   MP27055 0089
   MP27056 0089
   MP27057 0089
   MP27058 0089
   MP27059 0089
   MP27060 0089
   MP27061 0089
   MP27062 0089
   MP27063 0089
   MP27064 0089
   MP27065 0089
   MP27066 0089
   MP27067 0089
   MP27068 0089
   MP27069 0089
   MP27070 0089
   MP27072 0089
   MP27073 0089
   MP27074 0089
   MP27075 0089
   MP27076 0089
   MP27077 0089
   MP27078 0089
   MP27079 0090
   MP27080 0090
   MP27081 0090
   MP27082 0090
   MP27083 0090
   MP27084 0090
   MP27085 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 17, 1975.
   MP26574 0076

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 18, 1975.
   MP26575 0076

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 19, 1975.
   MP26576 0076

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 20, 1975.
   MP26577 0076

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 21, 1975.
   MP26578 0076

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 11, 1975.
   MP27126 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 18, 1975.
   MP27034 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 25, 1975.
   MP27121 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 2, 1974.
   MU9370 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 23, 1974.
   MU9215 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 30, 1974.
   MU9221 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, December 13, 1974.
   MU9333 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, December 6, 1974.
   MU9328 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, February 22, 1974.
   MU9354 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, February 28, 1975.
   MP26988 0087

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 12, 1974.
   MU9367 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 7, 1974.
   MU9362 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 1, 1974.
   MU9355 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 14, 1975.
   MP27138 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 7, 1975.
   MP27044 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 2, 1975.
   MP27111 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 9, 1975.
   MP27024 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 1, 1974.
   MU9286 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 15, 1974.
   MU9313 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 22, 1974.
   MU9318 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 29, 1974.
   MU9323 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 8, 1974.
   MU9291 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 11, 1974.
   MU9269 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 18, 1974.
   MU9274 0093
   MU9275 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 25, 1974.
   MU9280 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 4, 1974.
   MU9264 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 13, 1974.
   MU9231 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 20, 1974.
   MU9236 0092
   MU9237 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 27, 1974.
   MU9243 0093
   MU9244 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 6, 1974.
   MU9226 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 14, 1975.
   MP27030 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 21, 1975.
   MP27117 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 28, 1975.
   MP27107 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 7, 1975.
   MP27122 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 19, 1974.
   MU9211 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 26, 1974.
   MU9216 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 5, 1974.
   MU9371 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, December 16, 1974.
   MU9334 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, December 2, 1974.
   MU9324 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, December 9, 1974.
   MU9329 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, February 24, 1975.
   MP26984 0087

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 1, 1974.
   MU9365 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 15, 1974.
   MU9368 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 10, 1975.
   MP27134 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 3, 1975.
   MP27040 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 5, 1975.
   MP27020 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 6, 1974.
   MU9360 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 11, 1974.
   MU9292 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 18, 1974.
   MU9314 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 25, 1974.
   MU9319 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 4, 1974.
   MU9287 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 14, 1974.
   MU9270 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 21, 1974.
   MU9276 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 28, 1974.
   MU9281 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 7, 1974.
   MU9265 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 16, 1974.
   MU9232 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 2, 1974.
   MU9222 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 23, 1974.
   MU9238 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 30, 1974.
   MU9245 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 9, 1974.
   MU9227 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 10, 1975.
   MP27125 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 17, 1975.
   MP27033 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 24, 1975.
   MP27120 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 22, 1974.
   MU9214 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 29, 1974.
   MU9219 0092
   MU9220 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, December 12, 1974.
   MU9332 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, December 5, 1974.
   MU9327 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, February 14, 1974.
   MU9353 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, February 27, 1975.
   MP26987 0087

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 20, 1974.
   MU9363 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 13, 1975.
   MP27137 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 21, 1974.
   MU9356 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 6, 1975.
   MP27043 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 1, 1975.
   MP27110 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 8, 1975.
   MP27023 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 14, 1974.
   MU9295 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 21, 1974.
   MU9317 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 28, 1974.
   MU9322 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 7, 1974.
   MU9290 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, October 10, 1974.
   MU9268 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 17, 1974.
   MU9273 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 24, 1974.
   MU9279 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 31, 1974.
   MU9284 0093
   MU9285 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 3, 1974.
   MU9263 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 12, 1974.
   MU9230 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 19, 1974.
   MU9235 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 26, 1974.
   MU9241 0093
   MU9242 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 5, 1974.
   MU9224 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 15, 1975.
   MP27031 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 2, 1974.
   MU9357 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 22, 1975.
   MP27118 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 29, 1975.
   MP27108 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 30, 1974.
   MU9359 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 8, 1975.
   MP27123 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 13, 1974.
   MU9352 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 20, 1974.
   MU9212 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 27, 1974.
   MU9217 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, December 10, 1974.
   MU9330 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, December 3, 1974.
   MU9325 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, February 25, 1975.
   MP26985 0087

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 16, 1974.
   MU9369 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 2, 1974.
   MU9366 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 11, 1975.
   MP27135 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 4, 1975.
   MP27041 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 6, 1975.
   MP27021 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 12, 1974.
   MU9293 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 19, 1974.
   MU9315 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 26, 1974.
   MU9320 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 5, 1974.
   MU9288 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 1, 1974.
   MU9261 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 15, 1974.
   MU9271 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 22, 1974.
   MU9277 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 29, 1974.
   MU9282 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 8, 1974.
   MU9266 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 10, 1974.
   MU9228 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 17, 1974.
   MU9233 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 24, 1974.
   MU9239 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 3, 1974.
   MU9223 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 16, 1975.
   MP27032 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 23, 1975.
   MP27119 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 30, 1975.
   MP27109 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 3, 1974.
   MU9358 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 9, 1975.
   MP27124 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 21, 1974.
   MU9213 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 28, 1974.
   MU9218 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, December 11, 1974.
   MU9331 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, December 4, 1974.
   MU9326 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, February 26, 1975.
   MP26986 0087

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 26, 1974.
   MU9364 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 12, 1975.
   MP27136 0091

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 5, 1975.
   MP27042 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 7, 1975.
   MP27022 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 8, 1974.
   MU9361 0095

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 13, 1974.
   MU9294 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 20, 1974.
   MU9316 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 27, 1974.
   MU9321 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 6, 1974.
   MU9289 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 16, 1974.
   MU9272 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 2, 1974.
   MU9262 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 23, 1974.
   MU9278 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 30, 1974.
   MU9283 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 9, 1974.
   MU9267 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 11, 1974.
   MU9229 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 18, 1974.
   MU9234 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 25, 1974.
   MU9240 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 4, 1974.
   MU9225 0092

 CBS, Inc.
   MP26189 0066
   MP26500 0074
   MP26503 0074
   MP26504 0074
   MP26512 0074
   MP26513 0074
   MP26514 0074
   MP26515 0074
   MP26516 0074
   MP26517 0074
   MP26518 0074
   MP26519 0074
   MP26520 0074
   MP26521 0074
   MP26522 0074
   MP26567 0075
   MP26568 0076
   MP26569 0076
   MP26570 0076
   MP26571 0076
   MP26572 0076
   MP26573 0076
   MP26574 0076
   MP26575 0076
   MP26576 0076
   MP26577 0076
   MP26578 0076
   MP26579 0076
   MP26580 0076
   MP26581 0076
   MP26582 0076
   MP26583 0076
   MP26584 0076
   MP26587 0076
   MP26663 0078
   MP26665 0078
   MP26666 0078
   MP26667 0078
   MP26670 0079
   MP26671 0079
   MP26672 0079
   MP26679 0079
   MP26740 0080
   MP26741 0080
   MP26742 0080
   MP26743 0080
   MP26744 0080
   MP26745 0080
   MP26787 0082
   MP26788 0082
   MP26789 0082
   MP26790 0082
   MP26791 0082
   MP26792 0082
   MP26890 0084
   MP26891 0084
   MP26892 0084
   MP26893 0084
   MP26894 0084
   MP26977 0087
   MP26978 0087
   MP26979 0087
   MP26980 0087
   MP26981 0087
   MP26982 0087
   MP26983 0087
   MP26984 0087
   MP26985 0087
   MP26986 0087
   MP26987 0087
   MP26988 0087
   MP27014 0088
   MP27015 0088
   MP27016 0088
   MP27017 0088
   MP27018 0088
   MP27019 0088
   MP27020 0088
   MP27021 0088
   MP27022 0088
   MP27023 0088
   MP27024 0088
   MP27025 0088
   MP27026 0088
   MP27027 0088
   MP27028 0088
   MP27029 0088
   MP27030 0088
   MP27031 0088
   MP27032 0088
   MP27033 0088
   MP27034 0088
   MP27035 0088
   MP27036 0089
   MP27037 0089
   MP27038 0089
   MP27039 0089
   MP27040 0089
   MP27041 0089
   MP27042 0089
   MP27043 0089
   MP27044 0089
   MP27045 0089
   MP27046 0089
   MP27047 0089
   MP27048 0089
   MP27049 0089
   MP27092 0090
   MP27093 0090
   MP27094 0090
   MP27095 0090
   MP27096 0090
   MP27097 0090
   MP27098 0090
   MP27099 0090
   MP27100 0090
   MP27101 0090
   MP27102 0090
   MP27103 0090
   MP27104 0090
   MP27105 0090
   MP27106 0090
   MP27107 0090
   MP27108 0090
   MP27109 0090
   MP27110 0090
   MP27111 0090
   MP27112 0090
   MP27113 0090
   MP27114 0090
   MP27115 0090
   MP27116 0090
   MP27117 0090
   MP27118 0090
   MP27119 0090
   MP27120 0091
   MP27121 0091
   MP27122 0091
   MP27123 0091
   MP27124 0091
   MP27125 0091
   MP27126 0091
   MP27127 0091
   MP27128 0091
   MP27129 0091
   MP27130 0091
   MP27131 0091
   MP27132 0091
   MP27133 0091
   MP27134 0091
   MP27135 0091
   MP27136 0091
   MP27137 0091
   MP27138 0091
   MP27142 0091
   MU9211 0092
   MU9212 0092
   MU9213 0092
   MU9214 0092
   MU9215 0092
   MU9216 0092
   MU9217 0092
   MU9218 0092
   MU9219 0092
   MU9220 0092
   MU9221 0092
   MU9222 0092
   MU9223 0092
   MU9224 0092
   MU9225 0092
   MU9226 0092
   MU9227 0092
   MU9228 0092
   MU9229 0092
   MU9230 0092
   MU9231 0092
   MU9232 0092
   MU9233 0092
   MU9234 0092
   MU9235 0092
   MU9236 0092
   MU9237 0092
   MU9238 0092
   MU9239 0092
   MU9240 0092
   MU9241 0093
   MU9242 0093
   MU9243 0093
   MU9244 0093
   MU9245 0093
   MU9261 0093
   MU9262 0093
   MU9263 0093
   MU9264 0093
   MU9265 0093
   MU9266 0093
   MU9267 0093
   MU9269 0093
   MU9270 0093
   MU9271 0093
   MU9272 0093
   MU9273 0093
   MU9274 0093
   MU9275 0093
   MU9276 0093
   MU9277 0093
   MU9278 0093
   MU9279 0093
   MU9280 0093
   MU9281 0093
   MU9282 0093
   MU9283 0093
   MU9284 0093
   MU9285 0093
   MU9286 0093
   MU9287 0093
   MU9288 0093
   MU9289 0093
   MU9290 0093
   MU9291 0093
   MU9292 0093
   MU9293 0093
   MU9294 0094
   MU9295 0094
   MU9313 0094
   MU9314 0094
   MU9315 0094
   MU9316 0094
   MU9317 0094
   MU9318 0094
   MU9319 0094
   MU9320 0094
   MU9321 0094
   MU9322 0094
   MU9323 0094
   MU9324 0094
   MU9325 0094
   MU9326 0094
   MU9327 0094
   MU9328 0094
   MU9329 0094
   MU9330 0094
   MU9331 0094
   MU9332 0094
   MU9333 0094
   MU9334 0094
   MU9352 0095
   MU9353 0095
   MU9354 0095
   MU9355 0095
   MU9356 0095
   MU9357 0095
   MU9358 0095
   MU9359 0095
   MU9360 0095
   MU9361 0095
   MU9362 0095
   MU9363 0095
   MU9364 0095
   MU9365 0095
   MU9366 0095
   MU9367 0095
   MU9368 0095
   MU9369 0095
   MU9370 0095
   MU9371 0095

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 17, 1975.
   MP26579 0076

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 18, 1975.
   MP26580 0076

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 19, 1975.
   MP26581 0076

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 20, 1975.
   MP26582 0076

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 21, 1975.
   MP26583 0076

 CBS morning news, February 17, 1975.
   MP26569 0076

 CBS morning news, February 18, 1975.
   MP26570 0076

 CBS morning news, February 19, 1975.
   MP26571 0076

 CBS morning news, February 20, 1975.
   MP26572 0076

 CBS morning news, February 21, 1975.
   MP26573 0076

 CBS morning news, Friday, March 14, 1975.
   MP27133 0091

 CBS morning news, Monday, March 10, 1975.
   MP27129 0091

 CBS morning news, Thursday, March 13, 1975.
   MP27132 0091

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, March 11, 1975.
   MP27130 0091

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, March 12, 1975.
   MP27131 0091

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, April 18, 1975.
   MP27039 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, April 25, 1975.
   MP27116 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, February 28, 1975.
   MP26983 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, March 14, 1975.
   MP27133 0091

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, March 7, 1975.
   MP27049 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 2, 1975.
   MP27102 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 9, 1975.
   MP27029 0088

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 14, 1975.
   MP27035 0088

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 21, 1975.
   MP27112 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 28, 1975.
   MP27099 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 7, 1975.
   MP27103 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, February 24, 1975.
   MP26979 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 10, 1975.
   MP27129 0091

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 3, 1975.
   MP27045 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 5, 1975.
   MP27025 0088

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 10, 1975.
   MP27106 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 17, 1975.
   MP27038 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 24, 1975.
   MP27115 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, February 27, 1975.
   MP26982 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 13, 1975.
   MP27132 0091

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 6, 1975.
   MP27048 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 1, 1975.
   MP27101 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 8, 1975.
   MP27028 0088

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 15, 1975.
   MP27036 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 22, 1975.
   MP27113 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 29, 1975.
   MP27100 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 8, 1975.
   MP27104 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, February 25, 1975.
   MP26980 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 11, 1975.
   MP27130 0091

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 4, 1975.
   MP27046 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 6, 1975.
   MP27026 0088

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 16, 1975.
   MP27037 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 23, 1975.
   MP27114 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 9, 1975.
   MP27105 0090

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, February 26, 1975.
   MP26981 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 12, 1975.
   MP27131 0091

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 5, 1975.
   MP27047 0089

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 7, 1975.
   MP27027 0088

 CBS News.
   MP26154 0065
   MP26155 0065
   MP26156 0065
   MP26241 0067
   MP26242 0067
   MP26243 0067
   MP26244 0067
   MP26333 0069
   MP26382 0071
   MP26383 0071
   MP26384 0071
   MP26385 0071
   MP26386 0071
   MP26387 0071
   MP26388 0071
   MP26389 0071
   MP26390 0071
   MP26391 0071
   MP26392 0071
   MP26393 0071
   MP26394 0071
   MP26395 0071
   MP26396 0071
   MP26397 0071
   MP26398 0071
   MP26399 0071
   MP26400 0071
   MP26401 0071
   MP26402 0071
   MP26403 0071
   MP26404 0071
   MP26405 0071
   MP26406 0071
   MP26407 0071
   MP26408 0071
   MP26409 0071
   MP26410 0071
   MP26497 0074
   MP26498 0074
   MP26499 0074
   MP26500 0074
   MP26501 0074
   MP26502 0074
   MP26503 0074
   MP26504 0074
   MP26505 0074
   MP26506 0074
   MP26507 0074
   MP26508 0074
   MP26509 0074
   MP26510 0074
   MP26511 0074
   MP26512 0074
   MP26513 0074
   MP26514 0074
   MP26515 0074
   MP26516 0074
   MP26517 0074
   MP26518 0074
   MP26519 0074
   MP26520 0074
   MP26521 0074
   MP26522 0074
   MP26523 0074
   MP26524 0074
   MP26525 0074
   MP26526 0074
   MP26527 0074
   MP26528 0075
   MP26529 0075
   MP26530 0075
   MP26531 0075
   MP26566 0075
   MP26584 0076
   MP26585 0076
   MP26586 0076
   MP26587 0076
   MP26588 0076
   MP26662 0078
   MP26663 0078
   MP26664 0078
   MP26665 0078
   MP26666 0078
   MP26667 0078
   MP26668 0078
   MP26669 0078
   MP26670 0079
   MP26671 0079
   MP26672 0079
   MP26673 0079
   MP26674 0079
   MP26675 0079
   MP26676 0079
   MP26677 0079
   MP26678 0079
   MP26679 0079
   MP26680 0079
   MP26681 0079
   MP26682 0079
   MP26683 0079
   MP26684 0079
   MP26685 0079
   MP26686 0079
   MP26687 0079
   MP26688 0079
   MP26689 0079
   MP26735 0080
   MP26737 0080
   MP26738 0080
   MP26739 0080
   MP26740 0080
   MP26741 0080
   MP26742 0080
   MP26743 0080
   MP26744 0080
   MP26745 0080
   MP26787 0082
   MP26788 0082
   MP26789 0082
   MP26790 0082
   MP26791 0082
   MP26792 0082
   MP26883 0084
   MP26890 0084
   MP26891 0084
   MP26692 0084
   MP26893 0084
   MP26894 0084
   MP27139 0091
   MP27142 0091

 CBS News perspective.
   MP26735 0080

 CBS News special.
   MP26243 0067
   MP26244 0067
   MP26386 0071
   MP26387 0071
   MP26497 0074
   MP26499 0074
   MP26682 0079

 CBS News special report.
   MP26245 0067
   MP26501 0074
   MP26507 0074
   MP26508 0074

 CBS News special report for young people.
   MP26500 0074
   MP26505 0074
   MP26506 0074
   MP26683 0079
   MP26684 0079
   MP26688 0079
   MP26689 0079
   MP26737 0080
   MP26742 0080
   MP26743 0080
   MP27139 0091

 CBS reports.
   MP26498 0074
   MP26502 0074
   MP26503 0074
   MP26504 0074
   MP26509 0074
   MP26510 0074
   MP26511 0074
   MP26512 0074
   MP26513 0074
   MP26514 0074
   MP26515 0074
   MP26566 0075
   MP26662 0078
   MP26673 0079
   MP26674 0079
   MP26675 0079
   MP26676 0079
   MP26677 0079
   MP26680 0079
   MP26681 0079
   MP26744 0080
   MP26745 0080
   MP26883 0084

 CBS Television.
   MP26779 0081

 CBS Television Network.
   LP44149 0053
   LP44150 0053
   MP26564 0075
   MP27140 0091
   MP27141 0091

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, February 16, 1975.
   MP26568 0076

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, February 22, 1975.
   MP26567 0075

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 12, 1975.
   MP27095 0090

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 19, 1975.
   MP27017 0088

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 26, 1975.
   MP27097 0090
   MP27098 0090

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 1, 1975.
   MP26978 0087

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 15, 1975.
   MP27128 0091

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 8, 1975.
   MP27019 0088

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 10, 1975.
   MP27015 0088

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 3, 1975.
   MP27092 0090

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 13, 1975.
   MP27016 0088

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 20, 1975.
   MP27096 0090

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 27, 1975.
   MP27093 0090

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 6, 1975.
   MP27094 0090

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, February 23, 1975.
   MP26977 0087

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 2, 1975.
   MP27018 0088

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 9, 1975.
   MP27127 0091

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 4, 1975.
   MP27014 0088

 Cebus monkeys of Barro Colorado Island: ecology and behavior.
   MP26233 0067

 Cecropia moth.
   LP44311 0057

 Celanese Piping Systems, Inc.
   MP26811 0082

 Celebration days.
   R595454 0097

 Cells and cell processes.
   MP26193 0066
   MP26194 0066

 Cells and what they do.
   MP26786 0082

 Centron Corporation, Inc.
   MP26175 0065
   MP26176 0065
   MP26177 0065
   MP26730 0080
   MP26731 0080

 Centron Educational Films.
   MP26175 0065
   MP26176 0065
   MP26177 0065
   MP26730 0080
   MP26731 0080

 Cerebellar conducting systems.
   MU9300 0094

 Cesarean section.
   MP26904 0085

 Chain reaction.
   MP26813 0082

 The Challenge.
   R600140 0101

 The Changeling.
   LP44257 0055

 The Chaplin Studios, Inc.
   R598054 0099

 Charity.
   LP44399 0059

 Chartoff, Robert.
   LP44087 0051

 Charts and networks.
   MP26547 0075

 Chase.
   LP44288 0056
   LP44289 0056
   LP44290 0056
   LP44291 0056
   LP44292 0056
   LP44293 0056
   LP44294 0056
   LP44295 0057
   LP44296 0057
   LP44297 0057
   LP44298 0057
   LP44299 0057
   LP44300 0057
   LP44301 0057
   LP44302 0057
   LP44303 0057
   LP44304 0057
   LP44305 0057
   LP44306 0057
   LP44307 0057
   LP44308 0057
   LP44309 0057

 Chase, Robert A.
   MU9301 0094

 Chase Productions.
   LP44288 0056
   LP44289 0056
   LP44290 0056
   LP44291 0056
   LP44292 0056
   LP44293 0056
   LP44294 0056
   LP44295 0057
   LP44296 0057
   LP44297 0057
   LP44298 0057
   LP44299 0057
   LP44300 0057
   LP44301 0057
   LP44302 0057
   LP44303 0057
   LP44304 0057
   LP44305 0057
   LP44306 0057
   LP44307 0057
   LP44308 0057
   LP44309 0057

 Chaz Productions, Inc.
   MU9380 0095

 Check-in time.
   MP26112 0064

 Checkpoint.
   LF234 0047

 Checks and pecks.
   MP26834 0083

 The Checkup.
   LP44153 0053

 The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company of Maryland.
   MU9306 0094

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 Cheyenne takes over.
   R606035 0104

 Chicago now: The Better to see you.
   MU9199 0092

 Chick embryology.
   MP26555 0075

 Chicken.
   LP44317 0057

 Chickens!
   MP26466 0073

 The Chief Company.
   LP44361 0058

 Child of fear.
   LP44518 0062

 Child power.
   MU9181 0091

 The Children know.
   MP26824 0083

 China coast fishing.
   MP26480 0073

 China coast Hoy Fok.
   MP26477 0073

 China coast island fishpond.
   MP26478 0073

 China coast island in China Sea.
   MP26476 0073

 China coast three island women.
   MP26479 0073

 A Chinese farm wife.
   MP26483 0073

 Chinese lanterns.
   MP27084 0090

 The Chinese ring.
   R598931 0100

 Chiquita Banana’s beauty treatment.
   R595823 0098

 Chiquita Banana’s magic.
   R595822 0098

 Chiquita Banana tells a fortune.
   R595824 0098

 Chiquita Banana wins a medal.
   R595821 0098

 Choclate Chip.
   LP44155 0053

 Choose your weapon.
   MP26087 0063

 Chores.
   MU9253 0093

 Christie, Agatha.
   LF228 0047
   LF257 0048

 Christmas Eve.
   R599792 0100

 Chrysler Corporation.
   MP26123 0064
   MP26162 0065
   MP26163 0065
   MP26164 0065
   MP26165 0065
   MP26195 0066
   MP26196 0066
   MP26197 0066
   MP26198 0066
   MP26199 0066
   MP26200 0066
   MP26201 0066
   MP26202 0066
   MP26203 0066
   MP26305 0069
   MP26589 0076
   MP26590 0076
   MP26736 0080
   MP26756 0081
   MP26757 0081
   MP26758 0081

 The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
   MP26316 0069

 Ciliary and flagellar movement.
   MP26194 0066

 Cinderella.
   MP27080 0090

 Cine Artists International.
   LP44339 0058

 Cinema Center Films.
   LP44232 0055

 Cinema Center 100.
   LP44232 0055

 Cinema Projects International.
   LP44136 0052

 Cinematherapy, Inc.
   MP26803 0082
   MP26804 0082

 Cinematrix.
   LP44078 0051

 Cinema 65, Inc.
   MP26306 0069

 Cinema 70, Inc.
   MP26463 0073

 Cinerama Releasing.
   LP44191 0054
   LP44192 0054

 Cinerama Releasing Corporation.
   LP44194 0054

 Cinevision, Ltee.
   LP44348 0058

 Circle of life.
   LP44310 0057
   LP44311 0057
   LP44312 0057
   LP44313 0057
   LP44314 0057
   LP44315 0057
   LP44316 0057
   LP44317 0057

 City government.
   MP26301 0068

 City out of wilderness.
   MP26648 0078

 Clark Equipment Company.
   MP26204 0066

 Clark Equipment Company. Industrial Truck Division.
   MP26204 0066

 Classical conditioning.
   MP26360 0070

 Class of ’40.
   LP44170 0053

 Claudine.
   LP44061 0050

 Clayton-Davis, Inc.
   MP26317 0069

 Clayton-Davis-Williams and Associates, Inc.
   MP26317 0069

 Clean and neat with Harv and Marv.
   MP26694 0079

 Cleanout.
   LP44226 0055

 Clinic on 18th Street.
   LP44367 0058

 Clio Enterprises, Inc.
   MU9183 0091

 Close to the heart.
   LP44173 0053

 Clothing corner.
   MP26858 0083

 Cloud over the Coral Reef.
   MP26249 0067

 Cloud 3 TV Merchandising, Inc.
   MP26142 0064
   MP26313 0069

 The Clown princes of Hollywood.
   LP43993 0048

 Code of the saddle.
   R598919 0099

 Coffee shop.
   MP26816 0082

 Coffee, tea or me?
   LP44150 0053

 Coffy.
   LP44044 0050

 Colgate-Palmolive Company.
   MP26356 0070
   MP26357 0070
   MP26358 0070
   MP26813 0082
   MP26814 0082
   MP26815 0082
   MP26816 0082
   MP26817 0082
   MP26818 0082
   MP26928 0085
   MP26929 0085
   MP26930 0085
   MP26931 0085
   MP26932 0085
   MP26933 0085
   MP26934 0085
   MP26935 0085
   MP26936 0086

 A Collection of eagles.
   LP44418 0060

 College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL.
   MU9337 0094
   MU9338 0094
   MU9339 0095
   MU9340 0095
   MU9341 0095
   MU9342 0095
   MU9343 0095
   MU9344 0095
   MU9345 0095
   MU9346 0095
   MU9347 0095
   MU9348 0095
   MU9349 0095
   MU9388 0096

 College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL. Learning Resources Center.
   MU9337 0094
   MU9338 0094
   MU9339 0095
   MU9340 0095
   MU9341 0095
   MU9342 0095
   MU9343 0095
   MU9344 0095
   MU9345 0095
   MU9346 0095
   MU9347 0095
   MU9348 0095
   MU9349 0095
   MU9388 0096

 College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark.
   LP44402 0059
   LP44403 0059
   LP44404 0059
   LP44405 0059
   LP44406 0060

 College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark. Health
    Education Project.
   LP44402 0059
   LP44403 0059
   LP44404 0059
   LP44405 0059
   LP44406 0060

 College of Nursing, University of Iowa.
   SEE University of Iowa, Iowa City, College of Nursing.

 The Colleges.
   MP26498 0074

 Collins, Judy.
   MP26115 0064

 Colonial hydroids (Obelia, Pennaria)
   MP26192 0066

 Colon stoma placement—a prime factor in rehabilitation.
   MP26341 0069

 Colorado River and Trail Expeditions, Inc.
   MP26973 0087

 Colorado State University, Fort Collins. College of Veterinary Medicine
    and Biomedical Sciences.
   MP26639 0078

 Color matching acrylic lacquers and acrylic enamels.
   MP26810 0082

 Colortronics, Inc., subsidiary of Malter International Corporation.
   SEE Malter International Corporation. Colortronics, Inc.

 Columbia.
   LP44339 0058
   LP44349 0058

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   LP44148 0053
   LP44149 0053
   LP44150 0053
   MP26154 0065
   MP26155 0065
   MP26242 0067
   MP26243 0067
   MP26244 0067
   MP26245 0067
   MP26333 0069
   MP26382 0071
   MP26383 0071
   MP26384 0071
   MP26385 0071
   MP26386 0071
   MP26387 0071
   MP26388 0071
   MP26389 0071
   MP26390 0071
   MP26391 0071
   MP26392 0071
   MP26393 0071
   MP26394 0071
   MP26395 0071
   MP26396 0071
   MP26397 0071
   MP26398 0071
   MP26399 0071
   MP26400 0071
   MP26401 0071
   MP26402 0071
   MP26403 0071
   MP26404 0071
   MP26405 0071
   MP26406 0071
   MP26407 0071
   MP26408 0071
   MP26409 0071
   MP26410 0071
   MP26497 0074
   MP26498 0074
   MP26499 0074
   MP26501 0074
   MP26502 0074
   MP26505 0074
   MP26506 0074
   MP26507 0074
   MP26508 0074
   MP26509 0074
   MP26510 0074
   MP26511 0074
   MP26523 0074
   MP26524 0074
   MP26525 0074
   MP26526 0074
   MP26527 0074
   MP26528 0075
   MP26529 0075
   MP26530 0075
   MP26531 0075
   MP26564 0075
   MP26565 0075
   MP26566 0075
   MP26585 0076
   MP26586 0076
   MP26588 0076
   MP26662 0078
   MP26664 0078
   MP26668 0078
   MP26669 0078
   MP26673 0079
   MP26674 0079
   MP26675 0079
   MP26676 0079
   MP26677 0079
   MP26678 0079
   MP26680 0079
   MP26681 0079
   MP26682 0079
   MP26683 0079
   MP26684 0079
   MP26685 0079
   MP26686 0079
   MP26687 0079
   MP26688 0079
   MP26689 0079
   MP26735 0080
   MP26737 0080
   MP26738 0080
   MP26739 0080
   MP26779 0081
   MP26883 0084
   MP27139 0091
   MP27140 0091
   MP27141 0091

 Columbia pictures.
   LP44340 0058

 Columbia Pictures Corporation.
   LP44409 0060
   R595026 0096
   R595027 0096
   R595028 0096
   R595029 0096
   R595030 0096
   R595031 0096
   R595032 0096
   R595033 0096
   R595295 0096
   R595296 0097
   R595297 0097
   R595298 0097
   R595299 0097
   R595300 0097
   R598870 0099
   R604894 0103
   R604895 0103
   R604896 0103
   R604897 0103
   R604898 0103
   R604899 0103
   R604901 0103
   R604902 0103
   R604903 0103
   R604904 0103
   R604905 0103
   R604906 0103
   R604907 0103
   R604908 0103
   R604909 0103
   R604910 0103
   R604911 0103
   R604913 0103
   R604914 0103
   R604915 0104
   R604916 0104
   R604917 0104
   R604918 0104
   R604919 0104
   R604920 0104
   R604921 0104
   R604922 0104
   R604923 0104
   R604924 0104
   R604925 0104
   R604926 0104
   R604927 0104
   R604928 0104
   R604929 0104
   R604930 0104
   R604931 0104
   R604932 0104

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   LP44005 0049
   R595026 0096
   R595027 0096
   R595028 0096
   R595029 0096
   R595030 0096
   R595031 0096
   R595032 0096
   R595033 0096
   R595294 0096
   R595295 0096
   R595296 0097
   R595297 0097
   R595298 0097
   R595299 0097
   R595300 0097
   R595301 0097
   R595302 0097
   R595303 0097
   R595304 0097
   R604894 0103
   R604895 0103
   R604896 0103
   R604897 0103
   R604898 0103
   R604899 0103
   R604900 0103
   R604901 0103
   R604902 0103
   R604903 0103
   R604904 0103
   R604905 0103
   R604906 0103
   R604907 0103
   R604908 0103
   R604909 0103
   R604910 0103
   R604911 0103
   R604912 0103
   R604913 0103
   R604914 0103
   R604915 0104
   R604916 0104
   R604917 0104
   R604918 0104
   R604919 0104
   R604920 0104
   R604921 0104
   R604922 0104
   R604923 0104
   R604924 0104
   R604925 0104
   R604926 0104
   R604927 0104
   R604928 0104
   R604929 0104
   R604930 0104
   R604931 0104
   R604932 0104

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Company of America.
   LP44246 0055
   LP44247 0055

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Company of America, Inc.
   LP44243 0055
   LP44244 0055
   LP44245 0055
   LP44326 0057

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Corporation of America.
   LP44247 0055

 Come eleven, come twelve.
   LP44174 0053

 Come see the dolphins.
   MP26691 0079

 Come watch me die.
   LP44507 0062

 Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
   SEE Puerto Rico.

 Communications Foundation, Inc.
   MP26325 0069
   MP26326 0069
   MP26327 0069
   MP26328 0069

 Communication: the nonverbal agenda.
   MP26319 0069

 Community College District, North Orange County.
   SEE North Orange County, CA. Community College District.

 Community sing.
   R604927 0104
   R604928 0104

 Comocroft, Ltd.
   LF258 0048

 Comparative bumper performance: Crash tests of 1972, 1974 and 1975
    model cars.
   MP26541 0075

 Comparative cultures/geography series.
   LP44246 0055
   LP44247 0055

 Conalco, Inc.
   MU9373 0095

 The Conalco story.
   MU9373 0095

 Concept Productions.
   MP26363 0070

 Concern, Inc., a division of Starbecker, Inc.
   SEE Starbecker, Inc. Concern, Inc.

 The Condemned.
   LP44276 0056

 Confessions: from a lady of the night.
   LP44177 0053

 Confidence.
   MU9256 0093

 Confidential diagnostic interview.
   MP26412 0071

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 11.
   MP26430 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 12.
   MP26431 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 13.
   MP26432 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 14.
   MP26433 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 15.
   MP26434 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 16.
   MP26435 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 17.
   MP26436 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 18.
   MP26437 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 19.
   MP26438 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 20.
   MP26439 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 21.
   MP26440 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 22.
   MP26441 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 23.
   MP26442 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 24.
   MP26443 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 25.
   MP26444 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 26.
   MP26445 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 27.
   MP26446 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 28.
   MP26447 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 29.
   MP26448 0072

 Confidential diagnostic interview number 30.
   MP26449 0073

 Connie’s clothing corner.
   MP26858 0083

 Conrad Nightingale.
   MP26644 0078

 Conservation of matter.
   MP26263 0068

 The Conspiracy and the Dybbuk.
   MP26467 0073

 The Constitution: the compromise that made a nation.
   LP44249 0055

 The Contemporary family series.
   LP44196 0054
   LP44197 0054
   LP44198 0054
   MP26111 0064
   MP26112 0064

 Controlling variables, making measurements, while investigating the
    growth of giant sunflowers.
   MP26870 0084

 Control requirements of a manufacturing corporation.
   MP26213 0066

 A Conversation with Dean Acheson.
   MP26333 0069

 A Conversation with King Hussein.
   MP26386 0071

 A Conversation with Lord North.
   MP26678 0079

 Coo-coo bird dog.
   R595302 0097

 Cooking for a healthy heart.
   MU9386 0096
   MU9387 0096
   MU9391 0096

 Coordinate transformations.
   MP26723 0080

 Copacabana.
   R606036 0104

 Copa de Oro.
   LP43996 0048
   LP44216 0054

 Copley, Albert J.
   MP26973 0087

 Cop-out.
   LP44193 0054

 The Coppola Company.
   LP44010 0049

 Coronation.
   LP44009 0049

 Coronet/Fury versus Torino/Chevelle.
   MP26202 0066

 Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.
   SEE Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.

 The Corporation.
   MP26510 0074

 Corpus delicti—homicide.
   MP26146 0064

 The Correspondents report: end of a decade.
   MP26244 0067

 Corrosion in action.
   MP26306 0069

 Cottonwood.
   MP26141 0064

 The Council.
   LP44400 0059
   LP44401 0059

 The Counterfeiters.
   LP44277 0056
   R606495 0105

 Countertop-short.
   MP26831 0083

 Country boy rabbit.
   MP27062 0089

 The Couple takes a wife.
   LP44059 0050

 Covent Garden, Ltd. Royal Opera House.
   LF220 0047

 Cow.
   LP44316 0057

 The Coward.
   LP44033 0050

 Cox Broadcasting.
   MP26336 0069

 Crash tests of 1972, 1974 and 1975 model cars.
   MP26541 0075

 The Crazy world of Julius Vrooder.
   LP44011 0049

 CREA.
   SEE California Real Estate Association.

 A Creation story.
   MP26872 0084

 Crepe flower.
   LP43986 0048

 Crisis in a crowd.
   MP26733 0080

 CRM Productions.
   MP26110 0064

 CRM Productions, Inc.
   MP26166 0065
   MP26167 0065
   MP26168 0065
   MP26319 0069
   MP26805 0082

 Crossbow Productions, Inc.
   LP44007 0049

 Crossed swords.
   LP44103 0051

 Crosstown busses run all day, doodah, doodah.
   LP44098 0051

 Crown of thorns.
   LP44208 0054

 Culotta, Nino.
   LF225 0047

 The Cure that kills.
   LP44486 0061

 Curtis Cokes versus Willie Ludick, April 16, 1968, Dallas, Texas.
   MP26960 0087

 Curtis Cokes versus Willie Ludick, Dallas, Texas, April 16, 1968.
   MP26960 0087

 Customer assurance.
   MP26758 0081

 Cuzco, in the valley of the Incas.
   MP26695 0079

 Cyborg.
   LP44022 0049
   LP44023 0049
   LP44024 0049
   LP44025 0049
   LP44026 0049
   LP44027 0049
   LP44028 0049
   LP44029 0049
   LP44030 0049
   LP44031 0050
   LP44032 0050
   LP44033 0050
   LP44034 0050

 Czinner, Paul.
   LF220 0047

 Dad minds the baby.
   R595451 0097

 Daffy Duck slept here.
   R595457 0097

 Daisy Miller.
   LP43996 0048

 Dalton’s Law.
   MP26185 0065

 Damiano, Gerard.
   LP44081 0051

 Dana Productions, a division of Saparoff Films, Inc.
   SEE Saparoff Films, Inc. Dana Productions.

 Dance of the grebes.
   MP26230 0067
   MP26231 0067

 The Dancing bear.
   MP27057 0089

 Dandelions.
   MP26140 0064

 Dangerous exile.
   LF239 0047

 Dangerous trails.
   R604919 0104

 Dangerous years.
   R594655 0096

 Dangers of the Canadian mounted.
   R606061 0104

 Daniels, Harold R.
   LP44417 0060

 Danjaq, S.A.
   LP44064 0050

 Darcy Advertising Company, Inc.
   MP26755 0081

 Dark legacy.
   LP44450 0061

 Dave Schultz—the expert shows penalties.
   MP26465 0073

 Davidson Films, Inc.
   MP26802 0082

 Davis, Martha.
   MP26714 0080

 The Day milk was turned off.
   LP43985 0048

 Day of the dove.
   LP44380 0059

 The Day of the locust.
   LP44328 0057

 Day of the robot.
   LP44025 0049

 Day of the viper.
   LP44478 0061

 Days.
   MP26649 0078

 Dead lady’s tears.
   LP44493 0062

 Deadline.
   LP44438 0060

 Deadly heritage.
   LP44501 0062

 The Deadly prize.
   LP44476 0061

 The Deadly years.
   LP44395 0059

 Dead or alive.
   R595296 0097

 The Dead Samaritan.
   LP44514 0062

 The Dealer-wheelers.
   LP44307 0057

 Death.
   MP26797 0082

 Death be not proud.
   LP44347 0058

 A Death in academe.
   LP44172 0053

 Death leap.
   LP44462 0061

 Death of a hunter.
   LP44480 0061

 Death of a stone seahorse.
   LP44489 0062

 Deathwatch.
   LP44442 0061

 Decision for Mike.
   MP26349 0070

 Decision for Mike promotional trailer.
   MP26344 0069

 Decisions 2.
   MP26698 0079

 Defenses, releases and escapes.
   MP26848 0083

 The Defiance of good.
   LP44080 0051

 De Grasse, Herbert Jean.
   LU3684 0063

 DeLaurentiis (Dino) Corporation.
   LP44318 0057

 Demonstration loop films for the individualized program at Campus
    School.
   MP26461 0073

 Demonstration loops for the individualized program in physical
    education at Campus School.
   MP26461 0073

 Density.
   MP26274 0068

 Department of Chemistry, Indiana University.
   SEE Indiana University, Bloomington. Department of Chemistry.

 Department store training.
   MP26556 0075
   MP26557 0075

 DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc.
   LP44037 0050
   LP44038 0050
   LP44233 0055
   LP44234 0055

 Depende de tu interpretacion.
   LP44144 0052

 Deranged.
   LP44130 0052

 De Saint-Exupery, Antoine.
   SEE Saint-Exupery, Antoine de.

 Design for death.
   R604566 0103

 Desilu.
   LP44254 0055
   LP44256 0055
   LP44257 0055
   LP44258 0056
   LP44259 0056
   LP44260 0056
   LP44261 0056
   LP44262 0056
   LP44263 0056
   LP44264 0056
   LP44265 0056
   LP44266 0056
   LP44282 0056
   LP44283 0056
   LP44284 0056
   LP44285 0056
   LP44286 0056
   LP44321 0057
   LP44322 0057
   LP44323 0057
   LP44393 0059
   LP44394 0059
   LP44395 0059

 The Destructors.
   LP44133 0052

 Detecting breast cancer earlier.
   MP26338 0069

 Detroit Film Collective, Inc.
   MP27087 0090

 Development and differentiation.
   MP26110 0064

 Deviations from ideal gas.
   MP26179 0065

 Deviled yeggs.
   LP44038 0050

 Devil ship.
   R595027 0096

 The Dice rolled dead.
   LP44036 0057

 Dickinson, Douglas.
   SEE Eastwind Productions.

 Dick Tiger versus Gene Fullmer, San Francisco, California, October 23,
    1962.
   MP26624 0077

 Dick Van Arsdale: defensive play.
   MP26132 0064

 Dietrich, David.
   SEE Eastwind Productions.

 Dillinger.
   LP44045 0050

 Dimension Pictures.
   LP44079 0051

 Dimension Pictures, Inc.
   LP44039 0050

 Dinner.
   MU9387 0096

 Dinner date.
   MP26828 0083

 The Dinner party.
   LP44532 0062

 Directors Company.
   LP43996 0048

 Dirty O’Neil.
   LP44128 0052

 Discovery.
   MP26807 0082

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   LP44062 0050
   LP44063 0050
   LP44154 0053
   LP44241 0055
   R596656 0098
   R596658 0098
   R597614 0098
   R597615 0098
   R605180 0104
   R605181 0104
   R606810 0105
   R606811 0105

 The Distal extremities.
   MU9347 0095

 Diverse Industries, Inc.
   MP26309 0069

 Division for Film and Broadcasting, United States Catholic Conference.
   SEE United States Catholic Conference. Division for Film and
      Broadcasting.

 Divorce—murderer’s style.
   LP44456 0061

 Do animals reason?
   MP26911 0085

 Doctor in clover.
   LF223 0047

 Doctor in trouble.
   LF256 0048

 Doctor Lollipop meets the otoscope.
   MP26139 0064

 Doctor on toast.
   LF256 0048

 Doctor Petronius, seducer of women.
   LU3684 0063

 Doctor Wells is missing.
   LP44030 0049

 Dodge station wagon comparison.
   MP26165 0065

 The Dogfather.
   LP44037 0050
   LP44038 0050
   LP44233 0055
   LP44234 0055

 Dog missing.
   MP27067 0089

 A Doll’s house.
   LP44325 0057

 Domino Productions, Ltd.
   LP44005 0049

 Donald’s happy birthday.
   R597614 0098

 Donen (Stanley) Films, Inc.
   LP44006 0049

 Don Kessinger.
   MP26645 0078

 Don’t fool your wife.
   R600258 0101

 Don’t just lie there, say something!
   LP258 0048

 Doomsday, and counting.
   LP44027 0049

 The Doomsday machine.
   LP44258 0056

 The Doppler effect and the twin paradox.
   MP26717 0080

 Doubleday and Company, Inc.
   MP26261 0067
   MP26262 0067
   MP26263 0068
   MP26264 0068
   MP26265 0068
   MP26266 0068
   MP26267 0068
   MP26268 0068
   MP26269 0068
   MP26270 0068
   MP26271 0068
   MP26272 0068
   MP26273 0068
   MP26274 0068
   MP26275 0068
   MP26276 0068
   MP26277 0068
   MP26278 0068
   MP26279 0068
   MP26280 0068
   MP26281 0068
   MP26282 0068
   MP26283 0068
   MP26284 0068
   MP26285 0068
   MP26286 0068
   MP26640 0078
   MP26760 0081
   MP26761 0081
   MP26762 0081
   MP26763 0081

 Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   MP26261 0067
   MP26262 0067
   MP26263 0068
   MP26264 0068
   MP26265 0068
   MP26266 0068
   MP26267 0068
   MP26268 0068
   MP26269 0068
   MP26270 0068
   MP26271 0068
   MP26272 0068
   MP26273 0068
   MP26274 0068
   MP26275 0068
   MP26276 0068
   MP26277 0068
   MP26278 0068
   MP26279 0068
   MP26280 0068
   MP26281 0068
   MP26282 0068
   MP26283 0068
   MP26284 0068
   MP26285 0068
   MP26286 0068
   MP26640 0078
   MP26759 0081
   MP26760 0081
   MP26761 0081
   MP26762 0081
   MP26763 0081
   MP26764 0061
   MP26765 0081
   MP26766 0081

 Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
   SEE Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.

 Double-edged corner.
   LP44187 0053

 Dougoutigi—portrait of a living musician of Upper Volta, West Africa.
   MU9192 0091

 Downhill all the way.
   LP44184 0053

 DPR Publishers, Inc.
   MU9184 0091

 Dragnet.
   R599788 0100

 The Dream makers.
   LP44014 0049

 Drinking water alert.
   MP26103 0063

 Drinking water may be dangerous to your health.
   MP26515 0074

 Driver improvement series.
   MP26486 0073
   MP26487 0074

 The Driving edge.
   MP26753 0081

 Drop by drop to the sea.
   MP26862 0084

 Drug identification and chain of custody.
   MP26145 0064

 Drugs identification and chain of custody.
   MP26145 0064

 Drummer man.
   R595481 0098

 Duel in the desert.
   LP44484 0061

 Dumas, Alexandre, pere.
   LP44215 0054

 Dunker, Amalie P.
   MU9208 0092

 Dusty and Sweets McGee.
   LP44001 0049

 Dusty and Sweets McGee, Ltd.
   LP44001 0049

 Dutcher, James.
   MP26862 0084

 Dymphana Film and Theatre Productions, Ltd.
   LP44087 0051

 .sp 2
 Eagle Lion Films, Inc.
   R598716 0099
   R599783 0000
   R599786 0000
   R599787 0000
   R599789 0000
   R599791 0000
   R599793 0001
   R599794 0001
   R599797 0001
   R599798 0001
   R599799 0001
   R599801 0001
   R599802 0001
   R599804 0001
   R599805 0001
   R603568 0002
   R606035 0004
   R606753 0005

 Ealing Films.
   MP26240 0067

 Early cancer detection in the physician’s office.
   MP26339 0069

 Ear surgery.
   MP26654 0078

 Easter parade.
   R606316 0005

 Eastman Kodak Company.
   R603406 0002

 Eastwind anti-smoking spot.
   LP44086 0051

 Eastwind Productions.
   LP44086 0051

 Easy money.
   R598719 0099

 The Eating on the run film.
   MP26488 0074

 Ebony, ivory and jade.
   LP44136 0052

 Echo of a murder.
   LP44463 0061

 Echo of yesterday.
   LP44271 0056

 Echo Ranch.
   R595480 0098

 Eder Jofre versus Fighting Harada for the Bantamweight Championship of
    the World, Nagoya, Japan, May 17, 1965.
   MP26943 0086

 Eder Jofre versus Fighting Harada, May 17, 1965, Nagoya, Japan.
   MP26943 0086

 Edith, the job hunter.
   LP44110 0052

 Ed Richards, Boston University fencing instructor.
   MP26711 0080

 Educational Film Division, Moody Institute of Science.
   SEE Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA. Educational Film
      Division.

 Educational Media Corporation.
   MP26359 0070
   MP26360 0070
   MP26361 0070
   MP26362 0070
   MP26774 0081

 Educational Media Division, Jab Press, Inc.
   SEE Jab Press, Inc. Educational Media Division.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   MP26542 0075
   MP26543 0075
   MP26544 0075
   MP26545 0075
   MP26546 0075
   MP26547 0075
   MP26548 0075
   MP26549 0075
   MP26853 0083
   MP26854 0083
   MP26855 0083
   MP26856 0083

 Eenie, meenie, mommy, daddy.
   LP44204 0054

 Effective negotiating.
   MP26550 0075

 Egyptian daze.
   MP27077 0089

 Eight-ball Andy.
   R604915 0104

 Eighty-six proof TNT.
   LP44292 0056

 Elaan of Troyius.
   LP44379 0059

 Electricity from water and gravity.
   MP26279 0068

 Electronic Center, Inc.
   MP26556 0075
   MP26557 0075

 Electronic fuel injection.
   MP26767 0081

 Elizabeth Speare.
   MP26728 0080

 Elkins Productions, Ltd.
   LP44325 0057

 Elkins Productions of Canada, Ltd.
   LP44325 0057

 ELO 1974 – 75 productions, Inc.
   LP44348 0058

 The Emerald.
   LP44274 0056

 EMI Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF228 0047

 EMI Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF257 0048

 Emile Griffith versus Louis Rodriguez, Los Angeles, California, March
    21, 1963.
   MP26627 0077

 Emile Griffith versus Ted Wright, Vienna, Austria, October 17, 1962.
   MP26629 0077

 EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
   SEE Universal City Studios, Inc. EMKA.

 Emotional reactions to cancer in clinical practice.
   MP26347 0070

 The Empath.
   LP44384 0059

 The Encyclopedia hustle.
   LP44099 0051

 Endangered species.
   LP44515 0062

 Endless night.
   LF257 0048

 Endodontics.
   MP26658 0078

 End of an empire?
   R599210 0100

 The Energy crisis: American solutions.
   MP26289 0068
   MP26290 0068

 Engine temperature control.
   MP26590 0076

 Enjoying the seasons.
   MP26782 0081

 Enthusiasm-tram.
   MU9252 0093

 EO.
   LU3690 0063

 Eronel Productions, Inc.
   R600257 0101

 Erotica Productions.
   LP44213 0054

 Erre Cinematografica.
   LP43982 0048

 Escalation in Vietnam: the Rogers testimony.
   MP26501 0074

 Escape to Witch Mountain.
   LP44241 0055

 Eskimo life and customs: 1935–1945, Barrow, Alaska.
   MU9305 0094

 Esper, Dwain.
   R606245 0105

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.
   SEE Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.
   MP26161 0065
   MP26190 0066
   MP26191 0066
   MP26364 0070
   MP26365 0070
   MP26366 0070
   MP26367 0070
   MP26368 0070
   MP26369 0070
   MP26370 0070
   MP26371 0070
   MP26372 0070
   MP26373 0070
   MP26374 0070
   MP26375 0070
   MP26377 0070
   MP26378 0070
   MP26379 0070
   MP26380 0070
   MP26381 0070
   MP26690 0079
   MP26691 0079
   MP26692 0079
   MP26780 0081
   MP26781 0081
   MP26782 0081
   MP26783 0082
   MP26784 0082
   MP26785 0082
   MP26786 0082
   MP26884 0084
   MP26885 0084
   MP26886 0084
   MP26887 0084
   MP26899 0085
   MP26900 0085
   MP26901 0085
   MP26902 0085
   R605571 0104

 Essene.
   MP26777 0081

 Este Films.
   LP44215 0054

 Es terrible una cosa asi.
   LP44142 0052

 Estimation.
   MP26854 0083

 Esty (William) Company, Inc.
   MP26356 0070
   MP26357 0070
   MP26358 0070
   MP26813 0082
   MP26814 0082
   MP26815 0082
   MP26816 0082
   MP26817 0082
   MP26818 0082
   MP26928 0085
   MP26929 0085
   MP26930 0085
   MP26931 0085
   MP26932 0085
   MP26933 0085
   MP26934 0085
   MP26935 0085
   MP26936 0086

 Ethics.
   MP26895 0084

 Ethiro Productions, Ltd.
   LF221 0047
   LF248 0048

 Et tu, Archie?
   LP44344 0058

 Everglades adventures.
   R601503 0102

 Every ending is a new beginning.
   MP26905 0085

 Everything you do.
   LP44141 0052

 Evidence training series.
   MP26144 0064
   MP26145 0064
   MP26146 0064
   MP26147 0064
   MP26148 0065
   MP26149 0065
   MP26150 0065
   MP26151 0065

 Examination of pressures and pulses.
   MP26917 0085

 Examination of the abdomen.
   MP26925 0085

 Examination of the breasts and axillae.
   MP26913 0085

 Examination of the female genitalia, anus and rectum.
   MP26915 0085

 Examination of the head and neck.
   MP26921 0085

 Examination of the heart.
   MP26922 0085

 Examination of the male genitalia, anus and rectum.
   MP26924 0085

 Examination of the musculoskeletal system.
   MP26918 0085

 Examination of the neurologic system.
   MP26914 0085
   MP26919 0085

 Examination of the peripheral vascular system.
   MP26920 0085

 Examination of the thorax.
   MP26916 0085

 Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF227 0047
   LF259 0048
   R599988 0101

 Execudec, Inc.
   MU9379 0095

 The Expert shows penalties.
   MP26465 0073

 Exupery, Antoine de Saint-.
   SEE Saint-Exupery, Antoine de.

 Eyewitness to murder.
   LP44028 0049

 Ezzard Charles versus Pat Valentino, San Francisco, California, October
    14, 1949.
   MP26598 0076

 .sp 2
 The Fable of he and she.
   LP44250 0055

 The Face.
   MU9200 0092
   MU9299 0094

 Faces of change.
   MP26471 0073
   MP26472 0073
   MP26473 0073
   MP26474 0073
   MP26475 0073
   MP26476 0073
   MP26477 0073
   MP26478 0073
   MP26479 0073
   MP26480 0073
   MP26481 0073
   MP26482 0073
   MP26483 0073
   MP26484 0073
   MP26485 0073
   MP26822 0083
   MP26823 0083
   MP26824 0083
   MP26825 0083
   MP26903 0085
   MP26967 0087
   MP26968 0087
   MP26969 0087
   MP26975 0087
   MP26976 0087

 Factory Mutual Engineering Corporation.
   MP26208 0066
   MP26712 0080
   MP26713 0080

 Fairness for beginners.
   MP26381 0070

 The Fairness game.
   MP26381 0070

 Fairview General Hospital, Cleveland.
   MP26704 0079

 Family album.
   MP26317 0069

 The Family business.
   LP44352 0058

 Family flight.
   LP44054 0050

 The Family: how to be happy though married, or divorced.
   MP26327 0069

 The Family: marriage and manipulation.
   MP26328 0069

 The Family: radical living.
   MP26325 0069

 The Family Rico.
   LP44148 0053

 The Family: too old to dream?
   MP26326 0069

 Fanfare.
   LF244 0048
   LF245 0048

 Farmer Grey in Tuning in.
   MP27065 0089

 Fashioned for action.
   R607171 0105

 Fashion means business!
   R599201 0100

 Fast and loose.
   LF255 0048

 The Fatal doublecross.
   R595030 0096

 Fatal flight.
   LP44464 0061

 Father dear father.
   LF210 0047

 Feifer, George.
   LP44238 0055

 Feiner (Richard) and Company, Inc.
   R598784 0099

 Fejos, Paul.
   LP44067 0050

 Felder, David.
   MP26707 0079

 Felix the Cat in Mister Do All.
   MP27073 0089

 Felix the Cat in Sunken treasure.
   MP27058 0089

 Felix the Cat in The Inventor.
   MP27078 0089

 Fellowship of Christian Athletes.
   MP26641 0078
   MP26642 0078
   MP26643 0078
   MP26644 0078
   MP26645 0078

 Female artillery.
   LP44056 0050

 Female genitalia, anus and rectum.
   MP26915 0085

 Feminine world.
   R607171 0105

 Femoral, gluteal and popliteal regions.
   MU9297 0094

 Ferguson, John.
   MU9383 0095

 Ferrin, David.
   MP26713 0080

 Fighting athletes.
   R604666 0103

 Fighting for our lives.
   MP26867 0084

 The Fighting vigilantes.
   R599802 0101

 Fillers and reinforcing agents.
   MP26860 0083

 Film Archives Company.
   R595283 0096
   R600257 0101

 Film Counselors, Inc.
   MU9196 0091

 Film Distribution Division, Rank Organisation.
   SEE The Rank Organisation, Film Distribution Division.

 FilmFair Communications.
   MP26089 0063
   MP26090 0063
   MP26091 0063
   MP26097 0063
   MP26136 0064
   MP26699 0079
   MP26700 0079
   MP26701 0079
   MP26702 0079
   MP26849 0083
   MP26850 0083

 FilmFair, Inc.
   MP26089 0063
   MP26090 0063
   MP26091 0063
   MP26097 0063
   MP26699 0079
   MP26700 0079
   MP26701 0079
   MP26702 0079
   MP26849 0083
   MP26850 0083

 Film Fund Enterprises, Inc.
   LP44155 0053

 Film Graphics, Inc.
   MP26306 0069

 The Film laboratory.
   MP26875 0084

 Films, Inc.
   LP44407 0060
   LP44408 0060
   MP27091 0090

 Films North.
   MP26759 0081

 Films Pomereu.
   LP44159 0053

 Film Trust, S.A.
   LP44215 0054

 Film ways to reading.
   MP26253 0067

 Financial planning and reporting practice.
   MP26216 0066

 Fingerprint I.D.—burglary.
   MP26149 0065

 Fingerprint identification.
   MP26149 0065

 Fingerprints and water rings.
   MP26815 0082

 Fire, earth, air, water.
   MU9186 0091

 Fire under the sea: the origin of pillow lava.
   MP26324 0069

 The Firm’s audit practice.
   MP26219 0066

 First aid.
   MP26639 0078

 The First day of forever.
   LP44427 0060

 The First step.
   LP44346 0058

 The First woman President.
   LP44089 0051

 First year, A.D.
   MP26927 0085

 Fitch, John T.
   MP26178 0065
   MP26179 0065
   MP26180 0065
   MP26181 0065
   MP26182 0065
   MP26183 0065
   MP26184 0065
   MP26185 0065
   MP26166 0065
   MP26187 0066
   MP26188 0066

 Five days in the death of Sergeant Brown.
   LP44253 0055

 Flashing guns.
   R598922 0099

 Fleiss, Isabel Bogorad.
   MP26314 0069
   MP26315 0069

 Fleming, Ian.
   LP44064 0050

 Flickertail flashbacks.
   MP26821 0082

 The Flight of Icarus.
   LU3683 0063

 Flop goes the weasel.
   R607178 0105

 Flora.
   R604912 0103

 Florida. Board of Regents.
   MP26895 0084
   MP26896 0084
   MP26897 0064
   MP26898 0084

 Florida. Board of Regents for Florida State University.
   SEE Florida State University, Tallahassee. Board of Regents.

 Florida flips.
   LP44097 0051

 Florida goes to school.
   LP44350 0058

 Florida’s big gig.
   LP44354 0058

 Florida State University, Tallahassee. Board of Regents.
   MP26895 0084
   MP26896 0084
   MP26897 0084
   MP26898 0084

 Florida, the matchmaker.
   LP44359 0058

 Floyd Patterson versus Pedro Agosto, New York, New York, July 14, 1972.
   MP26618 0077

 Floyd Patterson versus Roy Harris, Los Angeles, California, August 18,
    1958.
   MP26595 0076

 Floyd Patterson versus Tom McNeeley, Toronto, Canada, December 4, 1961.
   MP26593 0076

 The Flying Dutchman.
   MU9380 0095

 Foam lady (Ben-Gay)
   MP26321 0069

 Focus on ability.
   MP26102 0063

 The Food crisis.
   MP26503 0074

 For a wonderful life.
   MP26350 0070

 Forbidden cargo.
   LF213 0047

 Force of wind.
   MP26261 0067

 Ford, Michael W.
   MU9189 0091

 Foreman-International.
   LP44139 0052

 For goodness’ snakes.
   MP26206 0066

 The Forgotten resource.
   MP26207 0066

 Forsyth, Frederick.
   LP44005 0049

 Fort Apache.
   R604562 0103

 For the world is hollow and I have touched the sky.
   LP44381 0059

 Fortune Film Corporation.
   R599788 0100

 Forty-five minutes from home.
   LP44421 0060

 Foul play.
   LP44447 0061

 Foul-up.
   LP44300 0057

 The Four Musketeers.
   LP44215 0054

 Fox-Rank Distributors.
   LF246 0048

 Foxy Brown.
   LP44131 0052

 Fractions: some operations with fractions.
   MP26094 0063

 Fractions: what are fractions and how are they used?
   MP26095 0063

 Fractions 1: what are fractions and how are they used?
   MP26095 0063

 Fractions 2: some operations with fractions.
   MP26094 0063

 Fragile is the house of cards.
   LP44180 0053

 Framed.
   LP44240 0055

 Franciscan Communications Center.
   LP44196 0054
   LP44197 0054
   LP44198 0054
   MP26111 0064
   MP26112 0064
   MP26927 0085

 Frangakis, Nicholas.
   MP26839 0083

 Frankenstein.
   LP44007 0049

 Frankenstein and the monster from hell.
   LF253 0048

 Frankovich Productions.
   LP44210 0054

 Freebie and the Bean.
   LP44002 0049

 Free to choose.
   MP26091 0063

 Freeward Films, Ltd.
   LP44325 0057

 Friction.
   MP26269 0068

 A Friend in need.
   LP44391 0059

 Friend or foe.
   LP44168 0053

 Fries (Charles) Productions. Inc.
   LP44287 0056

 Frigidaire Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Frigidaire Division.

 Fritz (Pam) Advertising, Inc.
   MP26861 0084

 Frog.
   LP44313 0057

 From King to Congress.
   MP26354 0070

 From the Soviet Union: A Special wildlife report.
   MP26469 0073
   MP26470 0073

 The Front page.
   LP44239 0055

 The Fugitive.
   R605230 0104

 Fullerton College, CA.
   MP26858 0083

 Full moon over Tortuguero—life and death to the green sea turtle.
   MU9304 0094

 Functional anatomy of the human body.
   MU9301 0094

 Functional anatomy of the neck and parotid region.
   MU9301 0094

 The Function of beauty in nature.
   MP26912 0085

 Funny lady.
   LP44340 0058

 Fun with music.
   MP26314 0069

 Fun with words: the word hunt (similar meanings)
   MP26378 0070

 Furie Productions, Inc.
   LP44035 0050

 Fury at Furnace Creek.
   R608164 0105

 .sp 2
 Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.
   R598712 0099
   R598714 0099
   R598715 0099
   R598719 0099
   R598720 0099
   R605050 0104

 Galileo.
   LP44348 0058

 Galton, Ray.
   LP44046 0050
   LP44047 0050
   LP44103 0051

 The Game ball.
   LP44290 0056

 A Game of chess.
   LP44275 0056

 The Games Bunkers play.
   LP44222 0054

 The Gang.
   LP44356 0058
   LP44357 0058

 Gang, Martin.
   R601536 0102

 Gang up for profit.
   MP26995 0088

 Gang war.
   LP44309 0057

 The Garbage man.
   LP44305 0057

 Garner Ted Armstrong.
   MP26246 0067
   MP26247 0067

 Garner Ted Armstrong in Europe.
   MP26796 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. SP-7.
   MP26795 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 609.
   MP26794 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 611.
   MP26793 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 616.
   MP26796 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 617.
   MP26799 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 618.
   MP26800 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 619.
   MP26797 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 620.
   MP26798 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 623.
   MP26801 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong Seattle campaign—repentance.
   MP26800 0082

 Gas House Kids go West.
   R595784 0100

 The Gas House Kids in Hollywood.
   R599787 0100

 Gazotskie Films, Inc.
   LP44008 0049

 The Gear.
   MP26267 0068

 Gene Fullmer versus Benny (Kid) Paret for the middleweight title, Las
    Vegas, Nevada, December 9, 1961.
   MP26953 0086

 Gene Fullmer versus Rocky Castellani, Cleveland, Ohio, January 4, 1956.
   MP26947 0086

 Gene Fullmer versus Rocky Castellani, January 4, 1956, Cleveland, Ohio.
   MP26947 0086

 The General.
   LP43989 0048
   MP26890 0084

 General Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF215 0047
   LF245 0048
   LF255 0048

 General Motors Corporation.
   MP26104 0063
   MP26169 0065
   MP26170 0065
   MP26171 0065
   MP26172 0065
   MP26173 0065
   MP26661 0078
   MP26767 0081
   MP26768 0081
   MP26769 0081
   MP26770 0081
   MP26771 0081
   MP26772 0081
   MP26838 0083

 General Motors Corporation. Cadillac Motor Car Division.
   MP26767 0081

 General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   MP26661 0078
   MP26838 0083

 General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division. Audio Visual
    Department.
   MP26838 0083

 General Motors Corporation. Frigidaire Division.
   MP26772 0081

 General Motors Corporation. Frigidaire Division. Frigidaire Service
    Department.
   MP26772 0081

 General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.
   MP26173 0065
   MP26768 0081
   MP26769 0081
   MP26770 0081

 General Motors Corporation. Pontiac Division.
   MP26771 0081

 General Motors Corporation. Pontiac Motor Division.
   MP26169 0065
   MP26170 0065
   MP26171 0065
   MP26172 0065

 General Motors Institute, Flint, MI.
   MP26458 0073
   MP26859 0083
   MP26860 0083

 General Motors Photographic.
   MP26767 0081
   MP26768 0081
   MP26769 0081
   MP26770 0081
   MP26772 0081

 Geography of New England.
   MP26367 0070

 Geography of the Middle Atlantic States.
   MP26368 0070

 Geography of the North Central States.
   MP26370 0070

 Geography of the Pacific States.
   MP26364 0070

 Geography of the Rocky Mountain States.
   MP26372 0070

 Geography of the Southern States.
   MP26371 0070

 Geography of the Southwestern States.
   MP26365 0070

 Geography of the United States: an introduction.
   MP26369 0070

 Geometry—what’s that?
   MP26902 0085

 George and Archie make a deal.
   LP44224 0054

 George Foreman versus Boone Kirkman, New York City, November 18, 1970.
   MP26603 0077

 George Foreman versus George Chuvalo, New York City, New York, August
    4, 1970.
   MP26609 0077

 George Foreman versus Gregorio Peralta, New York City, February 16,
    1970.
   MP26602 0076

 George Foreman versus Joe Roman for the Heavyweight Championship of the
    World, Tokyo, Japan, August 31, 1973.
   MP26601 0076

 George Foreman versus Ken Norton for the Heavyweight Championship of
    the World, Caracas, Venezuela, March 26, 1974.
   MP26601 0076

 George Foreman versus Luis Pires, New York City, New York, October 29,
    1971.
   MP26610 0077

 George Foreman versus Ted Gullick, Los Angeles, California, April 10,
    1972.
   MP26606 0077

 George’s family tree.
   LP44389 0059

 George’s skeleton.
   LP44386 0059

 George Washington and the Whiskey Rebellion: testing the Constitution.
   LP44248 0055

 Germany—handle with care.
   R599200 0100

 Ghost town renegades.
   R599782 0100

 Gillette.
   SEE The Gillette Company.

 The Gillette Company.
   MP26826 0083
   MP26827 0083
   MP26828 0083
   MP26829 0083
   MP26830 0083
   MP26831 0083
   MP26832 0083
   MP26833 0083
   MP26834 0083
   MP26835 0083
   MP26836 0083
   MP26837 0083
   MU9250 0093
   MU9251 0093
   MU9252 0093
   MU9253 0093
   MU9254 0093
   MU9255 0093
   MU9256 0093
   MU9257 0093
   MU9258 0093
   MU9259 0093
   MU9260 0093

 Ginsberg, Allen.
   MU9249 0093

 Ginsburg, Joel E.
   MP26210 0066

 The Girl from Petrovka.
   LP44238 0055

 The Girl in the painting.
   R598715 0099

 Girls Clubs of America, Inc.
   MP26107 0063

 Give my regards to Broadway.
   R607170 0105

 Giving directions.
   MP26705 0079

 Glamour girl.
   R604895 0103

 The Glass inferno.
   LP44088 0051

 Global concept in maps.
   R605571 0104

 Gloria’s boyfriend.
   LP44345 0058

 Gloria sings the blues.
   LP44529 0062

 Gloria’s shock.
   LP44342 0058

 The Godfather.
   LP44010 0049

 The Godfather, part 2.
   LP44010 0049

 Godmilow, Jill.
   MP26115 0064

 God’s business is good business.
   LP44414 0060

 Go electric.
   MP26992 0087

 Going to blazes.
   R603168 0102

 Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
   MP26094 0063
   MP26095 0063
   MP26118 0064
   MP26119 0064
   MP26869 0084
   MP26870 0084

 Golden Coast Film Productions.
   MP26248 0067

 The Golden Days of Radio.
   MP26109 0064
   MP26591 0076

 The Golden deer (a tale of India).
   MP26380 0070

 Golden needles.
   LP44135 0052

 A Gold record for murder.
   LP44448 0061

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions, Inc.
   R605070 0104
   R605071 0104

 The Good bad man.
   LP44343 0058

 Goodbye, Miss Turlock.
   R596213 0098

 The Good, good, good, good, good life.
   LP44197 0054

 The Good, good, good life.
   LP44197 0054

 Good Housekeeping.
   LP44347 0058

 Goodkind, Lois S.
   MU9187 0091

 Goodnight Irene.
   MP26108 0064

 Good time mathematics.
   MP26532 0075
   MP26888 0084

 Good times.
   LP44093 0051
   LP44094 0051
   LP44095 0051
   LP44096 0051
   LP44097 0051
   LP44098 0051
   LP44099 0051
   LP44100 0051
   LP44153 0053
   LP44350 0058
   LP44351 0058
   LP44352 0058
   LP44354 0058
   LP44355 0058
   LP44356 0058
   LP44357 0058
   LP44358 0058
   LP44359 0058
   LP44413 0060
   LP44414 0060
   LP44415 0060
   LP44416 0060
   LP44532 0062
   LP44533 0062
   LP44534 0062
   LP44535 0062

 Gordon, Garry F.
   MP26696 0079

 Gordon, Richard.
   LF223 0047
   LF256 0048

 Gorilla my dreams.
   R595453 0097

 Gottlieb, Gladys Glad Hellinger.
   R601536 0102

 Gould, Arthur.
   LP44066 0050

 Government of Afghanistan.
   SEE Afghanistan.

 Goya.
   LP44068 0051

 Go ye into all the world.
   MP26316 0069

 Grade (Leslie) Ltd.
   LF211 0047

 Graham’s Law.
   MP26182 0065

 Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.
   MP26748 0080
   MP26749 0080
   MF26750 0081

 Gramps and Scrappy.
   MP27053 0089

 Grampus and Scrappy.
   MP27053 0089

 Grand Canyon adventure.
   MP26973 0087

 Grant Teaff.
   MP26643 0078

 Grape nutty.
   R595304 0097

 Graphics International, Inc.
   LP43985 0048

 Grasshopper.
   LP44314 0057

 The Grate mans wiskurs.
   LP44237 0055

 Gravitational distribution.
   MP26184 0065

 The Great betrayal.
   MP26204 0066

 The Great dinosaur discovery.
   MP26100 0063

 Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.
   MP26592 0076
   MP26593 0076
   MP26594 0076
   MP26595 0076
   MP26596 0076
   MP26597 0076
   MP26598 0076
   MP26599 0076
   MP26600 0076
   MP26601 0076
   MP26602 0076
   MP26603 0077
   MP26605 0077
   MP26606 0077
   MP26607 0077
   MP26608 0077
   MP26609 0077
   MP26610 0077
   MP26611 0077
   MP26612 0077
   MP26613 0077
   MP26614 0077
   MP26615 0077
   MP26616 0077
   MP26617 0077
   MP26618 0077
   MP26619 0077
   MP26620 0077
   MP26621 0077
   MP26622 0077
   MP26623 0077
   MP26624 0077
   MP26625 0077
   MP26626 0077
   MP26627 0077
   MP26628 0077
   MP26629 0077
   MP26630 0077
   MP26631 0077
   MP26633 0078
   MP26634 0078
   MP26635 0078
   MP26636 0078
   MP26637 0078
   MP26773 0081
   MP26939 0086
   MP26940 0086
   MP26941 0086
   MP26942 0086
   MP26943 0086
   MP26944 0086
   MP26945 0086
   MP26946 0086
   MP26947 0086
   MP26948 0086
   MP26949 0086
   MP26950 0086
   MP26951 0086
   MP26952 0086
   MP26953 0086
   MP26954 0086
   MP26955 0086
   MP26956 0086
   MP26957 0086
   MP26958 0086
   MP26959 0086
   MP26960 0087
   MP26961 0087
   MP26962 0087
   MP26963 0087
   MP26964 0087
   MP26965 0087
   MP26966 0087

 The Great force.
   MP26971 0087

 The Great man’s whiskers.
   LP44237 0055

 The Greatness in you.
   MP26363 0070

 The Great tire chase.
   MP26812 0082

 Green, Frederick Laurence.
   LP44211 0054

 Greenberg, Fred.
   LU3687 0063

 Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.
   LP43989 0048
   LP43990 0048
   LP43991 0048
   LP43992 0048
   LP43993 0048
   LP43994 0048
   LP43995 0048

 Griesser, John.
   MP26459 0073

 Griffith (Andy) Enterprises.
   LP44015 0049
   LP44205 0054

 Grooming your horse.
   MP26457 0073

 The Ground presentation.
   MP26489 0074

 Group Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF214 0047
   LF216 0047
   LF242 0047
   LF243 0048
   LF244 0048
   LF255 0048

 Groverton Productions, Ltd.
   LP44337 0058

 Gruskoff.
   LP44101 0051

 Gruskoff/Venture Films.
   LP44007 0049

 G.T. Productions, Ltd.
   LF209 0047
   LF222 0047
   LF229 0047
   LF247 0048
   LF249 0048
   LF251 0048

 Guggenheim Productions, Inc.
   MP26237 0067
   MP26238 0067
   MP26239 0067
   MP26354 0070

 The Guilty.
   R600927 0101

 Guinea pig.
   LP44310 0057

 The Guitar: from stone age through solid rock.
   LP44540 0063

 Gun talk.
   R598929 0099

 Gunther, John.
   LP44347 0058

 Guts, feathers, and all.
   MP26990 0087

 G. W. Films, Ltd.
   LF228 0047

 Gyles, Frank S.
   LU3685 0063
   LU3688 0063

 Gym period.
   MP26839 0083

 .sp 2
 HAEC International Video, B.V.
   LP44347 0058

 Hagopian, J. Michael.
   MP26259 0067
   MP26260 0067

 Haight-Ashbury Training and Educational Project, San Francisco.
   MP26733 0080

 Hailey, Arthur.
   LP44252 0055

 Half a life.
   LP44230 0055

 Half past midnight.
   R600141 0101

 Hallel Communication Center.
   MP26152 0065

 Hallelujah-Film.
   LP44412 0060

 Hall of mirrors.
   LP44428 0060

 Halmi, Robert.
   LP44361 0058

 Hamlet.
   R605048 0104

 Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF231 0047
   LF253 0048
   LF254 0048

 Handling contact lenses.
   MP26652 0078

 Handling hard contact lenses.
   MP26652 0078

 Handling, transferring and filtering chemicals.
   MP26127 0064

 Hands.
   MP26991 0087

 Hand to hand.
   MP26153 0065

 Handy (Jam) Organization, Inc.
   MU9246 0093
   MU9247 0093
   MU9373 0095

 Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.
   LP44085 0051

 Hans Christian Andersen’s The Steadfast tin soldier.
   MP27054 0089

 Hans Christian Anderson’s (i.e. Andersen’s) The Steadfast tin soldier.
   MP27054 0089

 Happy birthday, Pop.
   LP44047 0050

 Harambee (pull together).
   MP26969 0087

 Harbour-UTV.
   LP44166 0053
   LP44167 0053
   LP44168 0053
   LP44169 0053
   LP44170 0053
   LP44171 0053
   LP44172 0053
   LP44173 0053
   LP44174 0053
   LP44175 0053
   LP44176 0053
   LP44177 0053
   LP44178 0053
   LP44179 0053
   LP44180 0053
   LP44181 0053
   LP44182 0053
   LP44183 0053
   LP44184 0053
   LP44185 0053
   LP44186 0053
   LP44187 0053
   LP44188 0053
   LP44253 0055

 Hardin (Keves) Productions.
   MP26697 0079

 The Hard rock roller coaster.
   LP44513 0062

 Haredevil hare.
   R595468 0097

 The Hare Krishna people.
   MP26459 0073

 Harold Johnson versus Paul Andrews, Chicago, Illinois, March 17, 1954.
   MP26963 0087

 Harold Johnson versus Paul Andrews, March 17, 1954, Chicago, Illinois.
   MP26963 0087

 Harper and Row Media.
   MP26228 0067

 Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.
   MP26192 0066
   MP26193 0066
   MP26194 0066
   MP26228 0067
   MP26895 0084
   MP26896 0084
   MP26897 0084
   MP26898 0084

 Harpy.
   LP44232 0055

 Harris (Jack H.) Enterprises, Inc.
   LP44008 0049

 Harry and Maggie.
   LP44327 0057

 Harry and Tonto.
   LP44036 0050

 Hartley Productions, Inc.
   MP26255 0067

 Hartstein, Max.
   MP26113 0064

 Harvest Films, Inc.
   MP26450 0073

 Hassenplug on nursing.
   MP26726 0080

 Hawaii in Hollywood.
   R604901 0103

 The Hawk of Powder River.
   R599806 0101

 Hazard perception.
   MP26496 0074

 Head and neck.
   MP26921 0085

 Health Education Project, College of Medicine and Dentistry of New
    Jersey, Newark.
   SEE College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark. Health
      Education Project.

 Hearing and speech: temporal lobe, insula, limbic cortex.
   MU9210 0092

 Hearing on competency to stand trial.
   MP26148 0065

 Hear no evil.
   LP44523 0062

 The Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News.
   R594831 0096
   R594832 0096
   R594833 0096
   R594834 0096
   R594835 0096
   R594836 0096
   R594837 0096
   R594838 0096
   R594839 0096
   R597916 0099
   R597917 0099
   R597918 0099
   R597919 0099
   R597920 0099
   R597921 0099
   R597922 0099
   R597923 0099
   R597924 0099
   R599868 0101
   R599869 0101
   R599870 0101
   R599871 0101
   R599872 0101
   R599873 0101
   R599874 0101
   R599875 0101
   R602060 0102
   R602061 0102
   R602062 0102
   R602063 0102
   R602064 0102
   R602065 0102
   R602066 0102
   R602067 0102
   R602068 0102
   R604233 0103
   R604234 0103
   R604235 0103
   R604236 0103
   R604237 0103
   R604238 0103
   R604239 0103
   R604240 0103
   R604241 0103
   R606655 0105
   R606656 0105
   R606657 0105
   R606658 0105
   R606659 0105
   R606660 0105
   R606661 0105
   R606662 0105

 Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.
   R598870 0099

 Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation.
   SEE Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   R594831 0096
   R594832 0096
   R594833 0096
   R594834 0096
   R594835 0096
   R594836 0096
   R594837 0096
   R594838 0096
   R594839 0096
   R597916 0099
   R597917 0099
   R597918 0099
   R597919 0099
   R597920 0099
   R597921 0099
   R597922 0099
   R597923 0099
   R597924 0099
   R599868 0101
   R599869 0101
   R599870 0101
   R599871 0101
   R599872 0101
   R599873 0101
   R599874 0101
   R599875 0101
   R602060 0102
   R602061 0102
   R602062 0102
   R602063 0102
   R602064 0102
   R602065 0102
   R602066 0102
   R602067 0102
   R602068 0102
   R604233 0103
   R604234 0103
   R604235 0103
   R604236 0103
   R604237 0103
   R604238 0103
   R604239 0103
   R604240 0103
   R604241 0103
   R606655 0105
   R606656 0105
   R606657 0105
   R606658 0105
   R606659 0105
   R606660 0105
   R606661 0105
   R606662 0105

 Heart.
   MP26922 0085

 Heart of Virginia.
   R606068 0105

 Heating, cooling and Charles’ law.
   MP26187 0066

 Heat of friction.
   MP26265 0068

 Heaven only knows.
   R598988 0100

 Heavy and light.
   MP26191 0066

 Hecht, Ben.
   LP44239 0055

 Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in The Hitch hikers.
   R595125 0096

 Hec Ramsey.
   LP44236 0055

 Heel of the tyrant.
   LP43998 0049

 Hell drivers.
   LF235 0047

 Hellinger, Gladys Glad.
   R601536 0102

 Hellinger (Mark J.) Trustees of Trust under Will of.
   R601536 0102

 Helpers who come to our house.
   MP26692 0079

 The Helping hand.
   LP44183 0053

 Helvey, Bill.
   MP26310 0069
   MP26877 0084
   MP26878 0084

 Helvey (Bill) Productions.
   MP26310 0069
   MP26877 0084
   MP26878 0084

 Hemingway, Joan.
   LP44360 0058

 Hester Street.
   LP44040 0050

 Heterosexual intercourse.
   MP26804 0082

 He who digs a grave.
   LP44502 0062

 A Hick, a slick and a chick.
   R595456 0097

 The Hidden man.
   LP44186 0053

 Hidden valley days.
   R595479 0098

 Hierarchical structures.
   MP26543 0075

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions, Inc.
   MP26098 0063
   MP26488 0074
   MP26660 0078
   MP26694 0079

 High diving hare.
   R597408 0098

 Higher education: who needs it?
   MP26676 0079

 High flight.
   LP44071 0051

 High tide at noon.
   LF233 0047

 High wall.
   R596215 0098

 Hinckle, Warren.
   LP44409 0060

 History, length, decimals.
   MP26764 0081

 Hitch hikers.
   R595125 0096

 Hockey Pro, Inc.
   MP26464 0073
   MP26465 0073
   MP26492 0074
   MP26493 0074
   MP26494 0074

 Hockey Pro presents.
   MP26464 0073
   MP26465 0073
   MP26492 0074
   MP26493 0074
   MP26494 0074

 Hoechst-Roussel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
   MU9378 0095

 Hoffman (Joshua) Productions, Ltd.
   MU9191 0091
   MU9192 0091

 Holding revised.
   MU9204 0092

 Holiday for sports.
   R595461 0097

 Hollywood barn dance.
   R598986 0100

 Holmes, Oakley N., Jr.
   MP26715 0080

 Holt, Rinehart and Winston, Inc.
   MP26532 0075
   MP26888 0084

 Holy Land.
   MP26806 0082

 Homecoming.
   R602596 0102

 Home is the coward.
   LP44015 0049

 Homeplace.
   MU9189 0091

 Hop, look and listen.
   R595460 0097

 Horse Films.
   LP44159 0053

 Horsemanship fundamentals.
   MP26456 0073

 Horwitz, Ron.
   LP44084 0051

 The Hostile heart.
   LP44125 0052

 Hot air rises.
   MP26276 0068

 Hot and cold.
   MP26763 0081

 Hot beef.
   LP44293 0056

 Hot gorilla.
   MU9350 0095

 Houghton Mifflin Company.
   MP26716 0080
   MP26717 0080
   MP26718 0080
   MP26719 0080
   MP26720 0080
   MP26721 0060
   MP26722 0080
   MP26723 0080
   MP26802 0082

 Hounds of hell.
   LP44490 0062

 The House guest.
   LP44533 0062

 The House of Representatives.
   MP26500 0074

 House of terror.
   LP44182 0053

 House on Greenapple Road.
   LP44417 0060

 The House on Hyde Street.
   LP44444 0061

 The House on Skull Mountain.
   LP44155 0053

 Houtsnede Maatschappij, N. V.
   LP44005 0049

 Howard (Sandy) Productions Corporation.
   LP44013 0049

 Howat, Clark.
   MP26559 0075
   MP26868 0084

 How Billy keeps clean.
   MP26885 0084

 Howco International Pictures.
   LP44003 0049

 How force is measured.
   MP26266 0068

 How it works.
   MU9257 0093

 How much are your eyes worth?
   MP26450 0073

 How to clean house.
   R606247 0105

 How to create a sale.
   MP26305 0069

 Hoy Fok and the island school.
   MP26477 0073

 The Human dimension.
   LP44068 0051
   LP44070 0051
   LP44071 0051
   LP44072 0051
   LP44073 0051
   LP44074 0051
   LP44075 0051
   LP44076 0051
   LP44077 0051

 Human Learning Systems, Inc.
   MP26411 0071
   MP26412 0071
   MP26413 0071
   MP26414 0071
   MP26415 0071
   MP26416 0071
   MP26417 0071
   MP26418 0071
   MP26419 0072
   MP26420 0072
   MP26421 0072
   MP26422 0072
   MP26423 0072
   MP26424 0072
   MP26425 0072
   MP26426 0072
   MP26427 0072
   MP26428 0072
   MP26429 0072
   MP26430 0072
   MP26431 0072
   MP26432 0072
   MP26433 0072
   MP26434 0072
   MP26435 0072
   MP26436 0072
   MP26437 0072
   MP26438 0072
   MP26439 0072
   MP26440 0072
   MP26441 0072
   MP26442 0072
   MP26443 0072
   MP26444 0072
   MP26445 0072
   MP26446 0072
   MP26447 0072
   MP26448 0072
   MP26449 0073

 Human Resource Development Press, Inc.
   MP26307 0069
   MP26308 0069
   MP26329 0069
   MP26330 0069
   MP26331 0069
   MP26332 0069

 Human sexuality: heterosexual intercourse.
   MP26804 0082

 Human sexuality: its anatomy, physiology and psychology.
   MP26803 0082
   MP26804 0082

 Human sexuality: manual stimulation—male and female.
   MP26803 0082

 The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
   LP43992 0048

 The Hunted.
   R598927 0099

 Hydraulic excavator.
   MP27004 0088

 .sp 2
 I am much more.
   LU3689 0063

 I am the Tzinguaw.
   MP26638 0078

 Ibsen, Henrik.
   LP44325 0057

 Ideal gas law.
   MP26178 0065

 If mine eye offends me.
   LP44227 0055

 I.F.P., Ltd.
   LF240 0047

 If that’s a gnome, this must be Zurich.
   MP26725 0080

 If you knew Susie.
   R604561 0103

 I, Jane Doe.
   R606069 0105

 I-levels 2, 3, 4, and 5 and adolescence.
   MP26413 0071

 Illustrious Goethe.
   MP26256 0067

 I love my mother-in-law, but.
   R596218 0098

 I love Tchaikovsky.
   MP26564 0075

 Image in a cracked mirror.
   LP44446 0061

 I’m OK behind the wheel.
   MP26487 0074

 Impact evangelism training rules.
   MU9302 0094

 L’Impress.
   MU9381 0095

 IMS.
   MP26542 0075
   MP26543 0075
   MP26544 0075
   MP26545 0075
   MP26855 0083
   MP26856 0083

 An Inaugural souvenir.
   MP27012 0088

 Incendio.
   MP26101 0063

 Incident at 125th Street.
   LP44454 0061

 Incident in San Francisco.
   LP44454 0061

 The Inclined plane.
   MP26282 0068

 Independent Artists, Ltd.
   LF246 0048

 Independent Producers, Ltd.
   R598717 0099
   R605049 0104

 Indiana University Audio-Visual Center.
   SEE Indiana University, Bloomington. Audio-Visual Center.

 Indiana University, Bloomington.
   MP26872 0084
   MP26873 0084
   MP26874 0084
   MP26875 0084
   MP26876 0084

 Indiana University, Bloomington. Audio-Visual Center.
   MP26872 0084
   MP26873 0084
   MP26874 0084
   MP26875 0084
   MP26876 0084

 Indiana University, Bloomington. Department of Chemistry.
   MP26874 0084

 Indian jewelry.
   MP26142 0064

 Industrial development.
   MP26318 0069

 Industrial fire protection and control.
   MU9197 0091
   MU9375 0095

 Industrial Truck Division, Clark Equipment.
   SEE Clark Equipment Company. Industrial Truck Division.

 Industry variations.
   MP26227 0067

 Inflation.
   MP26793 0082

 Inflation: how much, how long?
   MP26499 0074

 Ingemar Johansson versus Joe Bygraves, Gothenburg, Sweden, February 9,
    1962.
   MP26599 0076

 Ingemar Johansson versus Joe Erskine, February 21, 1958, Goehenburg
    (sic), Sweden.
   MP26954 0086

 Ingemar Johansson versus Joe Erskine, February 21, 1958, Gothenburg,
    Sweden.
   MP26954 0086

 Ingemar Johansson versus Joe Erskine for European Heavyweight
    Championship, Gothenburg, Sweden, February
 21, 1958.
   MP26954 0086

 In-House Productions.
   MP26733 0080

 Initiating.
   MP26308 0069

 Inner city dweller: housing.
   MP26876 0084

 Inner city dweller: transportation.
   MP26873 0084

 Innes, Hammond.
   LF236 0047

 In search of agreement.
   MP26868 0084

 Insect life cycles.
   MP26377 0070

 The Inside story.
   R606058 0104

 Inside supervision: your administrative functions.
   MP26708 0079

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
   MP26541 0075
   MP27089 0090
   MP27090 0090

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety front-into-barrier crash tests:
    1975 Oldsmobile “98” sedans.
   MP27090 0090

 Intellect and organization of reaction: frontal lobe.
   MU9209 0092

 Inter-Continent Films, Inc.
   LP44338 0058

 Interfilm.
   MP26336 0069

 Intermediate mathematics.
   MP26094 0063
   MP26119 0064

 International Business Machines Corporation.
   MP26334 0069

 International engine oil.
   MP26299 0068

 International Harvester Company.
   MP26291 0068
   MP26292 0068
   MP26293 0068
   MP26294 0068
   MP26295 0068
   MP26296 0068
   MP26297 0068
   MP26298 0068
   MP26299 0068
   MP26491 0074
   MP26992 0087
   MP26993 0087
   MP26994 0088
   MP26995 0088
   MP26996 0088
   MP26997 0088
   MP26998 0088
   MP26999 0088
   MP27000 0088
   MP27001 0088
   MP27002 0088
   MP27003 0088
   MP27004 0088
   MP27005 0088
   MP27006 0088
   MP27007 0088
   MP27008 0088
   MP27009 0088
   MP27010 0088

 The International Harvester S-8 logger.
   MP27006 0088

 The International Nickel Company, Inc.
   MP26306 0069

 International Planned Parenthood Federation.
   MP26903 0085

 International runaway shop.
   MU9248 0093

 International 9000 highlift forklift.
   MP26297 0068

 The International 95 self-propelled cotton harvester.
   MP27000 0088

 The Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment
    model.
   MP26411 0071
   MP26412 0071
   MP26413 0071
   MP26414 0071
   MP26415 0071
   MP26416 0071
   MP26417 0071
   MP26418 0071
   MP26419 0072
   MP26420 0072
   MP26421 0072
   MP26422 0072
   MP26423 0072
   MP26424 0072
   MP26425 0072
   MP26426 0072
   MP26427 0072
   MP26428 0072
   MP26429 0072
   MP26430 0072
   MP26431 0072
   MP26432 0072
   MP26433 0072
   MP26434 0072
   MP26435 0072
   MP26436 0072
   MP26437 0072
   MP26438 0072
   MP26439 0072
   MP26440 0072
   MP26441 0072
   MP26442 0072
   MP26443 0072
   MP26444 0072
   MP26445 0072
   MP26446 0072
   MP26447 0072
   MP26448 0072
   MP26449 0073

 An Interview with Her Excellency Mrs. Golda Meir.
   MP26387 0071

 In the forests of the night.
   LP44179 0053

 In the midst of strangers.
   LP44426 0060

 In time to live.
   MP26463 0073

 Intrigue.
   R599803 0101

 Introduction.
   MP26411 0071

 Introduction and overview.
   MP26549 0075

 Introduction to cost and inventory accounting.
   MP26220 0066

 Introduction to delinquent subtypes.
   MP26414 0071

 Introduction to differential treatment planning.
   MP26422 0072

 Introduction to digital logic, pt. 2.
   MP26851 0083

 Introduction to horse care.
   MP26639 0078

 Introduction to IMS.
   MP26544 0075

 Introduction to I-3 delinquent subtypes.
   MP26417 0071

 Introduction to I-4 delinquent subtypes.
   MP26419 0072

 Introduction to portable videotape recording.
   MP26701 0079

 The Invaders.
   LP44137 0052
   LP44138 0052

 The Inventor.
   MP27078 0089

 Invertebrates: conditioning or learning?
   MP26910 0085

 The Invisible revenge.
   MP27066 0089

 Invisible wife.
   LP44209 0054

 The I.Q. test.
   LP44095 0051

 I remember Mama.
   R604563 0103

 Ironside.
   LP44166 0053
   LP44167 0053
   LP44168 0053
   LP44169 0053
   LP44170 0053
   LP44171 0053
   LP44172 0053
   LP44173 0053
   LP44174 0053
   LP44175 0053
   LP44176 0053
   LP44177 0053
   LP44178 0053
   LP44179 0053
   LP44180 0053
   LP44181 0053
   LP44182 0053
   LP44183 0053
   LP44184 0053
   LP44185 0053
   LP44186 0053
   LP44187 0053
   LP44188 0053
   LP44253 0055

 Isabelly.
   MP26315 0069

 Is everybody listening?
   R599208 0100

 The Island at the top of the world.
   LP44063 0050

 The Island fishpond.
   MP26478 0073

 Island in the China Sea.
   MP26476 0073

 Israel, its history and people.
   MP26260 0067

 Israel: the 20th century miracle.
   MP26970 0087

 The Issue of busing.
   MP26508 0074

 Is there in truth no beauty?
   LP44378 0059

 I taw a putty tat.
   R602711 0102

 It began with birds.
   MP26320 0069

 It can’t be done.
   R594629 0096

 It’s a matter of pride.
   MP26849 0083

 It’s not how many, but how well!
   MP26757 0081

 It’s your business.
   MP26123 0064

 Ivy Productions, Ltd.
   LF219 0047

 I was happy here.
   LF260 0048

 I-2 delinquent subtype differentiation.
   MP26416 0071

 I-2 treatment process.
   MP26423 0072

 I-3 Cfc treatment process.
   MP26425 0072

 I-3 Cfm treatment process.
   MP26424 0072

 I-3 Mp treatment process.
   MP26426 0072

 I-3 subtype differentiation.
   MP26418 0071

 I-4 Ci treatment process.
   MP26429 0072

 I-4 Na treatment process.
   MP26427 0072

 I-4 Nx treatment process.
   MP26428 0072

 I-4 subtype definitions: similarities and differences.
   MP26420 0072

 I-4 subtype differentiation.
   MP26421 0072

 .sp 2
 Jab Press, Inc.
   MP26210 0066

 Jab Press, Inc. Educational Media Division.
   MP26210 0066

 Jack Dempsey versus Cowboy Lutrell, Atlanta, Georgia, July 1, 1940.
   MP26940 0086

 Jack Dempsey versus Cowboy Lutrell, July 1, 1940, Atlanta, Georgia.
   MP26940 0086

 Jack Dempsey versus Tom Gibbons for Heavyweight Championship, Shelby,
    Montana, July 4, 1923.
   MP26633 0078

 Jack Frost.
   MP27072 0089

 Jack Johnson versus Jim Flynn for the World Heavyweight Championship,
    Las Vegas, New Mexico, July 4, 1912.
   MP26622 0077

 Jack Marin: forward play.
   MP26131 0064

 Jack Sharkey versus Mike McTigue, New York City, March 3, 1927.
   MP26626 0077

 Jacksonville, FL. Office of Sheriff.
   MP26895 0084
   MP26896 0084
   MP26897 0084
   MP26898 0084

 Jacqueline Susann’s Once is not enough.
   LP44411 0060

 Jacs Films, Inc.
   LP44079 0051

 Jake LaMotta versus Billy Kilgore, Miami Beach, Florida, April 14,
    1954.
   MP26946 0086

 Jamboree USA.
   MU9194 0091

 Jamboree U.S.A., Inc.
   MU9194 0091

 James, Henry.
   LP43996 0048

 James Carter versus Glen Flanagan, Chicago, Illinois, August 4, 1954.
   MP26614 0077

 James Carter versus Lauro Salas for Lightweight Championship, Chicago,
    Illinois, October 15, 1952.
   MP26600 0076

 James Carter versus Paddy DeMarco for Lightweight Championship, San
    Francisco, California, November 17, 1954.
   MP26965 0087

 Jane: a basic interview. Exploration, understanding and action.
   MP26329 0069

 Jannone, Milton H.
   MU9377 0095

 Jarmie, Loretta.
   MU9389 0096

 Jarmie, T. W.
   MU9389 0096

 Jassy.
   R598714 0099

 Jean George.
   MP26727 0080

 The Jeffersons.
   LP44385 0059
   LP44386 0059
   LP44387 0059
   LP44388 0059
   LP44389 0059
   LP44390 0059
   LP44391 0059
   LP44536 0062
   LP44537 0062
   LP44538 0063

 The Jeffersons move up.
   LP44333 0058

 Jenny’s low.
   LP44537 0062

 Jersey Joe Walcott versus Rex Layne, New York City, November 24, 1950.
   MP26619 0077

 Jet over the Atlantic.
   LP44338 0058

 J. F. K.: one thousand days—and ten years.
   MP26735 0080

 Jiggs and Maggie in society.
   R598932 0100

 Jigsaw John.
   LP44335 0058

 Jimmy Carter versus Paddy DeMarco, November 17, 1954, San Francisco,
    California.
   MP26965 0087

 Jina Productions, Inc.
   LP44039 0050

 Jitter bughouse.
   R604923 0104

 J.J. becomes a man.
   LP44096 0051
   LP44100 0051

 Joe Brown versus Dave Charnley, February 25, 1963, Manchester, England.
   MP26944 0086

 Joe Brown versus Dave Charnley, Manchester, England, February 25, 1963.
   MP26944 0086

 Joe Dundee versus Ben Jeby, New York, New York, September 11, 1930.
   MP26630 0077

 Joe Frazier, champion, versus George Foreman, challenger for the
    Heavyweight Championship of the World, Kingston, Jamaica, January
    22, 1973.
   MP26632 0077

 Joe Frazier versus Buster Mathis, New York City, New York, March 4,
    1968.
   MP26594 0076

 Joe Frazier versus Joe Bugner, London, England, July 2, 1973.
   MP26612 0077

 Joe Frazier versus Ron Stander for World Heavyweight title, Omaha,
    Nebraska, May 25, 1972.
   MP26611 0077

 Joe Palooka in “The Knockout.”
   R598924 0099

 Joey Giardello versus Billy Kilgore, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, July
    7, 1954.
   MP26637 0078

 Joey Giardello versus Dick Tiger for Middleweight Championship,
    Atlantic City, December 7, 1963.
   MP26625 0077

 Joey Giardello versus Gil Turner, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, April 7,
    1953.
   MP26628 0077

 Joey Giardello versus Terry Downes, London, England, October 11, 1960.
   MP26962 0087

 Joey Giardello versus Terry Downes, October 11, 1960, London, England.
   MP26962 0087

 John Doe bucks.
   LP44289 0056

 Johnny Bratton versus Rocky Castellani, Chicago, Illinois, June 18,
    1952.
   MP26636 0078

 Johnny Famechon versus Mashiko (Fighting) Harada for the World
    Featherweight Championship, Sidney, Australia, July 28, 1969.
   MP26617 0077

 Johnny Saxton versus Carmen Basilio, Chicago, Illinois, March 14, 1956.
   MP26605 0077

 Johnson and Johnson.
   MP26258 0067

 Joining plastic pipe.
   MP26811 0082

 Joining PVC and CPVC plastic pipe.
   MP26811 0082

 JoJo white: offensive guard.
   MP26130 0064

 Jones, Charles M.
   LP43987 0048
   LP44231 0055

 Jones, Chuck.
   SEE Jones, Charles M.

 Jones (Chuck) Enterprises.
   LP43987 0048
   LP44231 0055

 Jones, Rachel.
   LP44150 0053

 Joseph Fraunhofer: diffraction.
   MP26116 0064

 Joseph Fraunhofer: dispersion.
   MP26117 0064

 Jose Torres versus Willie Pastrano, March 30, 1965, New York, New York.
   MP26961 0087

 Jose Torres versus Willie Pastrano, New York, March 30, 1965.
   MP26961 0087

 Joshua and the blob.
   LP44021 0049

 Josip Horak.
   LP44073 0051

 The Josuah films.
   LP44021 0049

 Jouer, Ltd.
   LP44007 0049

 Journal Films, Inc.
   MP26706 0079
   MP26869 0084
   MP26870 0084

 The Joy of communication.
   MP26974 0087

 J. P. Somersaulter’s premiere cartoon cartoon.
   LP44408 0060

 The Jungle books.
   LP43987 0048
   LP44231 0055

 Just be there.
   LP44078 0051

 .sp 2
 Kalmia Company.
   MP26178 0065
   MP26179 0065
   MP26180 0065
   MP26181 0065
   MP26182 0065
   MP26183 0065
   MP26184 0065
   MP26185 0065
   MP26186 0065
   MP26187 0066
   MP26188 0066

 Kaluza, Les.
   LP44083 0051

 Kampen, Irene.
   LP44254 0055
   LP44261 0056
   LP44262 0056
   LP44263 0056
   LP44264 0056
   LP44265 0056
   LP44266 0056
   LP44282 0056
   LP44283 0056
   LP44284 0056
   LP44285 0056
   LP44286 0056
   LP44321 0057
   LP44322 0057
   LP44323 0057
   LP44393 0059

 Kane Film Company.
   MP26710 0080

 Karr (Tom) Productions, Inc.
   LP44130 0052

 Karrass, Chester L.
   MP26550 0075

 Karr International Pictures, Inc.
   LP44130 0052

 Kaufman (Jack) Productions, Inc.
   MP26908 0085
   MP26909 0085
   MP26910 0085
   MP26911 0085
   MP26912 0085

 KBYU-TV, solely owned by Brigham Young University.
   SEE Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. KBYU (Television station)

 Kenya. Ministry of Natural Resources.
   MP26967 0087
   MP26968 0087
   MP26969 0087

 Keren, Edward D.
   MP26108 0064

 Kerry, Lucyann.
   MP26099 0063

 Kettledrum Films.
   LP44133 0052

 Key, Alexander.
   LP44241 0055

 Keyboard Productions, Ltd.
   LF230 0047

 Kid Gavilan versus Fitzie Pruden, Indianapolis, Indiana, May 28, 1952.
   MP26966 0087

 Kid Gavilan versus Fitzie Pruden, May 28, 1952, Indianapolis, Indiana.
   MP26966 0087

 Kid Gavilan versus Johnny Bratton, Chicago, Illinois, November 28,
    1951.
   MP26945 0086

 Kid Gavilan versus Johnny Bratton, 2nd, November 28, 1951, Chicago,
    Illinois.
   MP26945 0086

 Killer at large.
   R599779 0100

 Killiam, Paul.
   LP43989 0048
   LP43990 0048
   LP43991 0048
   LP43992 0048
   LP43993 0048
   LP43994 0048
   LP43995 0048

 The Killing.
   LP44279 0056

 The Killing defense.
   LP44474 0061

 Kilroy was here.
   R596349 0098

 Kimmerly, Fred B.
   LP44020 0049

 Kinetic theory by computer animation.
   MP26178 0065
   MP26179 0065
   MP26180 0065
   MP26181 0065
   MP26182 0065
   MP26183 0065
   MP26184 0065
   MP26185 0065
   MP26186 0065
   MP26187 0066
   MP26188 0066

 The King and the nightingale.
   MP26760 0081

 King Features Syndicate, a division of the Hearst Corporation.
   SEE Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.

 King of the bandits.
   R598930 0100

 King of the carnival.
   R604665 0103

 A King reluctant.
   LF239 0047

 Kipling, Rudyard.
   LP43987 0048
   LP44231 0055

 Kirkland, Jack.
   LP44318 0057

 Kirkpatrick, Joel B.
   MP26871 0084

 Kisner, Louis.
   SEE Palisades Educational Films.

 The Kiss.
   LP44113 0052

 Kiss and kill.
   LP44123 0052

 Kitchen antics.
   MP26707 0079

 Kitty foiled.
   R604515 0103

 Klerekoper, Fred G.
   MU9305 0094

 Knee, leg, ankle, and foot.
   MU9190 0091

 The Knockout.
   R598924 0099

 Know your combine corn.
   MP26291 0068

 Know your cyclo planter.
   MP26296 0068

 KOCE (Television station)
   MP26858 0083

 The Kodak dye transfer process.
   R603406 0102

 Konrad Lorenz: science of animal behavior.
   MP26908 0085

 Korshak (Harry) Productions, Inc.
   LP44035 0050

 Kraus, John.
   LF235 0047

 Krueger (Karl) Productions.
   R596350 0098

 .sp 2
 Labor relations workshop.
   MP26458 0073

 Lab safety.
   MP26874 0084

 Lacombe, Lucien.
   LP44412 0060

 Ladybug: a friend of man.
   MP26280 0068

 The Ladybug life cycle.
   MP26281 0068

 The Lady from Shanghai.
   R604916 0104

 La Gorce Associates, Inc.
   MP26646 0078

 L.A. International.
   LP44363 0058

 Landau (Ely) Organization, Inc.
   LP44348 0058

 Landau (Ely) Organization, Ltd.
   SEE Landau (Ely) Organization, Inc.

 Land of the coati.
   MP26086 0063

 Land of the coati-mundi.
   MP26086 0063

 Lang (Stan) Inc.
   MP26346 0070

 The Lange and Greenberg Company.
   LP44021 0049

 Langenstein.
   SEE Langenstein, Michael Wayne.

 Langenstein, Michael Wayne.
   LU3690 0063

 Lantz (Walter) Productions, Inc.
   R594359 0096
   R596787 0098

 Lapidos, Mark.
   LU3692 0063

 Lapidos (Mark) Productions, Ltd.
   LU3692 0063

 The Last boat home.
   MP26646 0078

 Last free ride.
   LU3682 0063

 Last hours before morning.
   LP44287 0056

 Last night.
   MU9251 0093

 The Last of the curlews.
   LP44085 0051

 The Last of the Fourth of Julys.
   LP44031 0050

 The Last payment.
   LP44188 0053

 Last tango in Tuckahoe.
   LP44119 0052

 The Last valley.
   LP44191 0054

 Laughlin, Fraker, Mutrux.
   LP44001 0049

 Laughton, Charles.
   LP44348 0058

 Laura Baugh/love life.
   MP26932 0085

 Lawn and garden tractor attachments.
   MP26994 0088

 Lazarus, Margaret.
   MP26551 0075

 Lazy little beaver.
   R595128 0096

 Leadership: style or circumstance.
   MP26168 0065

 Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.
   SEE Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Company of America.

 Learning Corporation of America.
   LP44242 0055
   LP44243 0055
   LP44244 0055
   LP44245 0055
   LP44246 0055
   LP44248 0055
   LP44249 0055
   LP44250 0055
   LP44251 0055
   LP44326 0057

 Learning Corporation of America, a subsidiary of Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.
   SEE Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Corporation of
      America.

 The Learning Garden.
   MP26206 0066

 Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage.
   SEE College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL. Learning Resources Center.

 Leatherwood, John.
   MP26556 0075

 Lee, Walter L.
   MP26820 0082
   MP26881 0084

 Lee Creative Communications, Inc.
   MP26820 0082
   MP26881 0084
   MP26882 0084

 Lee Savold versus Bruce Woodcock, June 6, 1950, London, England.
   MP26949 0086

 Lee Savold versus Bruce Woodcock, London, England, June 6, 1950.
   MP26949 0086

 The Legal clinic.
   MP26238 0067

 Legal services for all Americans.
   MP26237 0067
   MP26238 0067
   MP26239 0067
   MP26240 0067

 The Legend of Earl Durand.
   LP44003 0049

 Legion of the lost.
   LP44433 0060

 Leigh Photographs.
   MP26236 0067

 Leitner, Alfred.
   MP26116 0064
   MP26117 0064

 Length contraction.
   MP26722 0080

 Lenny.
   LP44016 0049

 Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 1.
   MP26937 0086

 Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 3.
   MP26938 0086

 Lesser (Sol) Productions, Inc.
   R595504 0098
   R603243 0102

 Let’s call it quits.
   MP26348 0070

 Let’s get the facts about Cutlass.
   MP26770 0081

 Let’s get the facts about Delta Eighty-Eight.
   MP26768 0081

 Let’s get the facts about Omega and Omega Salon.
   MP26769 0081

 Let’s go Latin.
   R595483 0098

 Let’s live again.
   R600139 0101

 Let’s sing an old time song.
   R595452 0097

 Let’s sing a song about the moonlight.
   R595455 0097

 Let’s sing a Stephen Foster song.
   R602712 0102

 Let’s sing grandfathers favorites.
   R602709 0102

 Let that be your last battlefield.
   LP44371 0059

 The Lever.
   MP26283 0068

 Lexington Productions, Inc.
   R606033 0104

 Lieb (Jack) Productions, Inc.
   MP26752 0081
   MP26753 0081
   MP26754 0081
   MP27086 0090

 Lieutenant Schuster’s wife.
   LP44058 0050

 Life cycle of a flowering plant.
   MP26133 0064
   MP26134 0064
   MP26135 0064

 Lifesaving and water safety.
   MP26840 0083
   MP26841 0083
   MP26842 0083
   MP26843 0083
   MP26844 0083
   MP26845 0083
   MP26846 0083
   MP26847 0083
   MP26848 0083

 Life without George.
   LP44254 0055
   LP44261 0056
   LP44262 0056
   LP44263 0056
   LP44264 0056
   LP44265 0056
   LP44266 0056
   LP44282 0056
   LP44283 0056
   LP44284 0056
   LP44285 0056
   LP44286 0056
   LP44321 0057
   LP44322 0057
   LP44323 0057
   LP44393 0059

 Lighter than air.
   MP26647 0078

 The Light fantastic picture show.
   MP27091 0090

 Light is reflected.
   MP26264 0068

 Light is refracted.
   MP26285 0068

 Lightnin’ in the forest.
   R606065 0105

 Light travels through space.
   MP26262 0067

 The Limping man.
   LP44491 0062

 Line-up identification.
   MP26147 0064

 Line-up identification testimony—armed robbery.
   MP26147 0064

 Linson.
   LP44101 0051

 Lionel cries uncle.
   LP44385 0059

 Lionel, the live-in.
   LP44104 0051

 Lionel, the playboy.
   LP44388 0059

 Lippincott (J. B.) Company.
   MP26913 0085
   MP26914 0085
   MP26915 0085
   MP26916 0085
   MP26917 0085
   MP26918 0085
   MP26919 0085
   MP26920 0085
   MP26921 0085
   MP26922 0085
   MP26923 0085
   MP26924 0085
   MP26925 0085

 Listening between the lines.
   MP26660 0078

 Little Cigars.
   LP44041 0050

 Little girl CLFB0610.
   MP26358 0070

 A Little glory, a little death.
   LP44467 0061

 The Little King in Art for art’s sake.
   MP27060 0089

 Little Ms. Muffet!
   LP44213 0054

 Little orphan airplane.
   LP44026 0049

 The Little Prince.
   LP44006 0049

 Little sister.
   MP26935 0085

 Little ’tinker.
   R605224 0104

 Litvak, Anatole.
   LF227 0047

 Liver biopsy: an approach to nonspecific findings.
   MP26303 0068

 The Living animal cell.
   MP26193 0066

 The Living cell.
   MP26228 0067

 Living in the Middle Atlantic States: urban complex.
   MP26368 0070

 Living in the Midwestern States: the Nation’s heartland.
   MP26366 0070

 Living in the New England States: birthplace of a nation.
   MP26367 0070

 Living in the Pacific States: variety and change.
   MP26364 0070

 Living in the Plains States: meat and grain.
   MP26370 0070

 Living in the Rocky Mountain States: changing frontier lands.
   MP26372 0070

 Living in the Southern States: historic lands, new ideas.
   MP26371 0070

 Living in the Southwestern States: growth in the desert.
   MP26365 0070

 Living in the United States.
   MP26369 0070

 Living with lions.
   R602714 0102

 Lizzie.
   LU3688 0063

 Loew-Lewin, Inc.
   R599515 0100

 Loew’s, Inc.
   R594628 0096
   R594629 0096
   R596213 0098
   R596214 0098
   R596215 0098
   R596216 0098
   R596217 0098
   R596218 0098
   R596219 0098
   R597302 0098
   R599454 0100
   R599455 0100
   R600052 0101
   R600053 0101
   R600972 0101
   R602593 0102
   R602594 0102
   R602596 0102
   R603168 0102
   R603169 0102
   R603685 0102
   R604515 0103
   R605224 0104
   R605225 0104
   R606316 0105
   R607113 0105

 Lollipop Film Productions.
   MP26139 0064

 London Independent Producers, Ltd.
   LF213 0047

 Longer lasting.
   MU9254 0093

 The Longest kiss.
   LP44106 0051

 The Longest night.
   LP44052 0050

 The Long night.
   R598987 0100

 The Long road in between.
   LP44074 0051

 Long Road Productions.
   LP44328 0057

 A Long way down.
   LP44517 0062

 Look at it this way: Good time mathematics.
   MP26532 0075

 Looking at the seasons.
   MP26781 0081

 Lord and King Associates, Inc.
   MP26234 0067
   MP26235 0067

 Lost control.
   MU9296 0094

 Lost locket, found locket.
   LP44200 0054

 The Lost man.
   LP44211 0054

 The Lost moment.
   R606039 0104

 The Lost ones.
   LP44063 0050

 Lo the poor buffalo.
   R595301 0097

 Louise feels useless.
   LP44390 0059

 Louisiana.
   R598926 0099

 Loveday Productions.
   LP44078 0051

 Love from a stranger.
   R599801 0101

 Love, lead, life.
   LP44405 0059

 Lovers in common.
   LP44117 0052

 Lucky you.
   MP26257 0067

 Lucy and Carol Burnett.
   LP44265 0056
   LP44266 0056

 Lucy and Phil Harris.
   LP44286 0056

 Lucy and Sid Caesar.
   LP44323 0057

 Lucy and the lost star.
   LP44322 0057

 Lucy and the pool hustler.
   LP44254 0055

 Lucy and the stolen stole.
   LP44285 0056

 Lucy and Viv reminisce.
   LP44283 0056

 Lucy gets her diploma.
   LP44261 0056

 Lucy gets involved.
   LP44282 0056

 Lucy gets Mooney fired.
   LP44262 0056

 Lucy helps Ken Berry.
   LP44321 0057

 The Lucy show.
   LP44254 0055
   LP44261 0056
   LP44262 0056
   LP44263 0056
   LP44264 0056
   LP44265 0056
   LP44266 0056
   LP44282 0056
   LP44283 0056
   LP44284 0056
   LP44285 0056
   LP44286 0056
   LP44321 0057
   LP44322 0057
   LP44323 0057
   LP44393 0059

 Lucy’s mystery guest.
   LP44263 0056

 Lucy sues Mooney.
   LP44264 0056

 Lucy the philanthropist.
   LP44393 0059

 Lumberjack.
   MP27085 0090

 The Lunch-money ripoff.
   LP44535 0062

 Lunch, snacks and dessert.
   MU9391 0096

 The Lure of the empire: America debates imperialism, 1898–1901.
   LP44245 0055

 Lure of the North.
   MP26729 0080

 L.W.I. Productions.
   LF211 0047

 Lynch, Edie.
   MU9296 0094

 Lynch (Edie) Films, Inc.
   MU9296 0094

 .sp 2
 MacAllister, David.
   MU9186 0091

 MacArthur, Charles.
   LP44239 0055

 The Macomber affair.
   R599482 0100

 Macon County line.
   LP43983 0048

 The Mad adventures of Rabbi Jacob.
   LP44159 0053

 Made in heaven.
   LF245 0048

 The Mad Hatter.
   R594359 0096

 Madonna of the desert.
   R606063 0105

 Magazine.
   MP26666 0078
   MP26667 0078
   MP26738 0080
   MP26740 0080
   MP26741 0080

 Magazine rack.
   MP27063 0089

 Magic.
   MP26933 0085

 Magic and Catholicism.
   MP26976 0087

 The Magic bow.
   R595249 0096

 Magic City.
   MU9383 0095

 Magic town.
   R599795 0101

 The Magnificent two.
   LF224 0047

 Maharishi International University, Fairfield, IA.
   MP26092 0063
   MP26093 0063

 Mailman.
   MP26817 0082

 Mainichi Film Productions.
   MP26991 0087

 Main Street kid.
   R606057 0104

 Majestic Productions, Inc.
   R598985 0100

 Majority minority.
   MP26731 0080

 Major News Library.
   R595009 0096
   R595010 0096
   R595011 0096
   R595284 0096
   R595285 0096
   R595286 0096
   R595853 0098
   R595854 0098
   R596617 0098
   R597013 0098
   R597014 0098
   R598779 0099
   R598780 0099
   R598781 0099
   R598782 0099
   R598783 0099
   R599133 0100
   R599134 0100
   R599586 0100
   R599587 0100
   R599989 0101
   R600259 0101
   R600895 0101
   R600896 0101
   R601590 0102
   R601591 0102
   R602185 0102
   R602186 0102
   R602846 0102
   R602847 0102
   R603979 0102
   R603980 0102
   R603981 0102
   R603982 0103
   R604886 0103
   R604887 0103
   R606248 0105
   R606249 0105
   R606250 0105
   R606251 0105
   R606252 0105
   R606253 0105
   R607332 0105
   R607333 0105

 The Making of a television commercial.
   MP26302 0068

 Making sense with sentences.
   MP26887 0084

 Making the invisible visible.
   MP26209 0066

 Male genitalia, anus and rectum.
   MP26924 0085

 Male presenter.
   MU9385 0096

 Mallowan, Agatha Christie.
   SEE Christie, Agatha.

 Malmar, McKnight.
   LP44051 0050

 Malter International Corporation. Colortronics, Inc.
   MP26211 0066

 Mamas and papas.
   LP44147 0053

 Man about town.
   R595424 0097

 The Mandible.
   MU9344 0095

 Mandingo.
   LP44318 0057

 Mandlin, Harvey.
   MP26302 0068

 Mandlinfilm, Inc.
   MP26302 0068

 Man from VO5.
   MU9336 0094

 The Man I most admire.
   LP44093 0051

 Manny: an intermediate interview. Exploration and understanding through
    immediacy.
   MP26331 0069

 Man or mouse.
   R604907 0103

 Manual stimulation—male and female.
   MP26803 0082

 Manuel Ortiz versus Vic Toweel.
   MP26773 0081

 Manuel Ortiz versus Vic Toweel for the Bantamweight Championship of the
    World, Johannesburg, South Africa, May 31, 1950.
   MP26773 0081

 Manure spreader.
   MP26298 0068

 The Man who changed the Navy.
   MP26724 0080

 The Man within.
   R598716 0099

 The Man with the golden gun.
   LP44064 0050

 Marcel Cerdan versus Robert Charron, May 25, 1946, Paris, France—Ralph
    Barnley, December 8, 1945, Rome, Italy.
   MP26957 0086

 Marcel Cerdan versus Robert Charron, Paris, France, May 25, 1946.
   MP26957 0086

 Marcel Thil versus Vilda Jaks, Paris, France, May 4, 1935.
   MP26597 0076

 The March of Time.
   R599200 0100
   R599201 0100
   R599202 0100
   R599203 0100
   R599204 0100
   R599205 0100
   R599206 0100
   R599207 0100
   R599208 0100
   R599209 0100
   R599210 0100
   R605255 0104
   R605256 0104

 Marden, Pat.
   MU9182 0091

 Marian B, Inc.
   R597219 0098
   R597220 0098
   R597221 0098
   R597222 0098
   R598785 0099
   R600258 0101
   R602461 0102
   R606247 0105

 Marianne Productions, S.A.
   LP44324 0057

 Marina Horner: portrait of a person.
   MP26819 0082

 Marketing responsibilities overview.
   MP26223 0066

 Marketing Services Department, TEP Group.
   SEE TEP Group. Marketing Services Department.

 Market place in Mexico.
   MP26700 0079

 The Mark of Cain.
   R598713 0099

 The Mark of Gideon.
   LP44370 0059

 Marks, Mendel, pseud.
   SEE Seidenberg, Mark.

 Mark 4 Pictures, Inc.
   MP26863 0084
   MP26864 0084
   MP26865 0084

 Mark 7, Ltd.
   LP44288 0056
   LP44289 0056
   LP44290 0056
   LP44291 0056
   LP44292 0056
   LP44293 0056
   LP44294 0056
   LP44295 0057
   LP44296 0057
   LP44297 0057
   LP44298 0057
   LP44299 0057
   LP44300 0057
   LP44301 0057
   LP44302 0057
   LP44303 0057
   LP44304 0057
   LP44305 0057
   LP44306 0057
   LP44307 0057
   LP44308 0057
   LP44309 0057
   LP44362 0058
   LP44363 0058
   LP44364 0058
   LP44365 0058
   LP44366 0058
   LP44367 0058

 Mark 7, Ltd., Productions.
   LP44236 0055

 Marguette and Jolliet: voyage of discovery.
   MP26783 0082

 Marseilles Enterprises.
   LP44133 0052

 Marshad, Neal.
   MU9182 0091

 Marshall Maintenance.
   MP26312 0069

 Marshall Maintenance Corporation.
   MP26811 0082

 Martin (Burt) Associates.
   MP26325 0069
   MP26326 0069
   MP26327 0069

 Martin Block’s musical merry-go-round.
   R597302 0098
   R603685 0102

 The Marvella Bayh story.
   MP26353 0070

 Mary Lou.
   R604897 0103

 The Masses and the millionaires: The Homestead strike.
   LP44244 0055

 Mass, temperature.
   MP26766 0081

 Master lighter.
   MP26934 0085

 Master technicians service conference, session no. 74–11.
   MP26736 0080

 Master technicians service conference, session no. 75–3.
   MP26162 0065

 Master technicians service conference, session no. 75–4.
   MP26199 0066

 Master technicians service conference, session no. 75–6.
   MP26590 0076

 Master technicians service conference, session no. 75–7.
   MP26756 0081

 Master technicians service conference, session no. 75–8.
   MP26758 0081

 Math readiness: This one with that one (one-to-one matching)
   MP26900 0085

 Math readiness: Up, down, all around (directional relationships)
   MP26901 0085

 Math readiness: Which go together? (Set building)
   MP26899 0085

 The Mating of Millie.
   R604909 0103

 A Matter of life and breath.
   LP44046 0050

 Maude.
   LP44090 0051
   LP44091 0051
   LP44092 0051
   LP44112 0052
   LP44113 0052
   LP44114 0052
   LP44115 0052
   LP44116 0052
   LP44117 0052
   LP44118 0052
   LP44119 0052
   LP44120 0052
   LP44121 0052
   LP44160 0053
   LP44161 0053
   LP44162 0053
   LP44218 0054
   LP44220 0054
   LP44353 0058

 Maude meets the Duke.
   LP44112 0052

 Maude’s new friend.
   LP44162 0053

 Maude, the boss.
   LP44121 0052

 Maugham, Robin.
   LF237 0047

 Max Baer versus King Levinsky, July 4, 1932, Reno, Nevada.
   MP26951 0086

 Max Baer versus King Levinsky, Reno, Nevada, July 4, 1932.
   MP26951 0086

 Maximum mileage system.
   MP26104 0063

 Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution.
   MP26183 0065

 Mayor Daley: a study in power.
   MP26674 0079

 Mazurkiewicz, Albert J.
   MP26210 0066

 MCA-TV.
   LP44017 0049
   LP44018 0049
   LP44019 0049
   LP44050 0050
   LP44051 0050
   LP44052 0050
   LP44053 0050
   LP44054 0050
   LP44055 0050
   LP44056 0050
   LP44057 0050
   LP44058 0050
   LP44059 0050
   LP44156 0053
   LP44157 0053
   LP44166 0053
   LP44167 0053
   LP44168 0053
   LP44169 0053
   LP44170 0053
   LP44171 0053
   LP44172 0053
   LP44173 0053
   LP44174 0053
   LP44175 0053
   LP44176 0053
   LP44177 0053
   LP44178 0053
   LP44179 0053
   LP44180 0053
   LP44181 0053
   LP44182 0053
   LP44183 0053
   LP44184 0053
   LP44185 0053
   LP44186 0053
   LP44187 0053
   LP44188 0053
   LP44235 0055
   LP44236 0055
   LP44237 0055
   LP44288 0056
   LP44289 0056
   LP44290 0056
   LP44291 0056
   LP44292 0056
   LP44293 0056
   LP44294 0056
   LP44295 0057
   LP44296 0057
   LP44297 0057
   LP44298 0057
   LP44299 0057
   LP44300 0057
   LP44301 0057
   LP44302 0057
   LP44303 0057
   LP44304 0057
   LP44305 0057
   LP44306 0057
   LP44307 0057
   LP44308 0057
   LP44309 0057
   LP44337 0058
   LP44362 0058
   LP44363 0058
   LP44364 0058
   LP44365 0058
   LP44366 0058
   LP44367 0058

 McGill, Angus.
   LF219 0047

 McIver, Ian.
   MU9390 0096

 McIver (Ian) Motion Pictures.
   MU9390 0096

 McMahon, Franklin.
   MP26776 0081

 Me and you kangaroo.
   LP44251 0055

 Measuring volumes of liquids.
   MP26128 0064

 Medical Center.
   LP43997 0048
   LP43998 0049
   LP43999 0049
   LP44000 0049
   LP44123 0052
   LP44124 0052
   LP44125 0052
   LP44126 0052
   LP44206 0054
   LP44207 0054
   LP44208 0054
   LP44209 0054
   LP44227 0055
   LP44228 0055
   LP44229 0055
   LP44230 0055

 Medieval world.
   MP26375 0070

 Meet Elizabeth Speare.
   MP26728 0080

 Meet Jean George.
   MP26727 0080

 Meet me at dawn.
   LF227 0047
   R599988 0101

 Meier, Don.
   MP26732 0080

 Meiosis.
   MP26134 0064

 Melendez, Bill.
   LP44195 0054

 Mel Kenyon.
   MP26642 0078

 Melody time.
   R605180 0104

 Memo from a dead man.
   LP44492 0062

 Mendelson, Lee.
   LP44195 0054

 Mendelson (Lee) Film Productions, Inc.
   LP43988 0048

 Menopause.
   MP26656 0078

 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith, Inc.
   MP26087 0063

 A Metaphor Production.
   LP44128 0052

 Metric measurement.
   MP26118 0064
   MP26119 0064

 Metricraft, Inc.
   MP26764 0081
   MP26765 0081
   MP26766 0081

 Metrics: measurement for today, pt. 1.
   MP26764 0081

 Metrics: measurement for today, pt. 2.
   MP26765 0081

 Metrics: measurement for today, pt. 3.
   MP26766 0081

 Metric system film loops.
   MP26802 0082

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   LP43997 0048
   LP43998 0049
   LP43999 0049
   LP44000 0049
   LP44014 0049
   LP44015 0049
   LP44122 0052
   LP44123 0052
   LP44124 0052
   LP44125 0052
   LP44126 0052
   LP44163 0053
   LP44164 0053
   LP44165 0053
   LP44205 0054
   LP44206 0054
   LP44207 0054
   LP44208 0054
   LP44209 0054
   LP44226 0055
   LP44227 0055
   LP44228 0055
   LP44229 0055
   LP44230 0055
   LP44287 0056
   LP44327 0057
   LP44335 0058
   LP44336 0058
   LP44410 0060
   R594628 0096
   R594629 0096
   R596213 0098
   R596214 0098
   R596215 0098
   R596216 0098
   R596217 0098
   R596218 0098
   R596219 0098
   R597302 0098
   R599454 0100
   R599455 0100
   R600052 0101
   R600053 0101
   R600972 0101
   R602593 0102
   R602594 0102
   R602596 0102
   R603168 0102
   R603169 0102
   R603685 0102
   R604515 0103
   R605224 0104
   R605225 0104
   R606316 0105
   R607113 0105

 Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.
   MP26463 0073

 The Mexican connection.
   MP26662 0078

 Mexico: four views.
   MP26784 0082

 Mexico: geography of the Americas.
   MP26784 0082

 MGM Television.
   LP44327 0057

 M-G-M TV.
   LP43997 0048
   LP43998 0049
   LP43999 0049
   LP44000 0049
   LP44015 0049
   LP44123 0052
   LP44124 0052
   LP44125 0052
   LP44126 0052
   LP44206 0054
   LP44207 0054
   LP44208 0054
   LP44209 0054
   LP44226 0055
   LP44227 0055
   LP44228 0055
   LP44229 0055
   LP44230 0055

 Michael and me.
   MP26352 0070

 The Michelson-Morley experiment.
   MP26718 0080

 Michigan. Department of State.
   MP26560 0075

 Michigan Heart Association.
   MP26907 0085

 Midwest.
   MP26749 0080

 Midwest Film Productions, Inc.
   LP44040 0050

 Midwife.
   LP44000 0049

 Mighty Mouse in Lazy little beaver.
   R595128 0096

 Mighty Mouse in Swiss cheese family Robinson.
   R595127 0096

 Mihal, John.
   R603406 0102

 Mike makes his move.
   LP44531 0062

 Mike’s dream.
   MP26468 0073

 Mike’s friend.
   LP44151 0053

 Mike’s horror-scope.
   LP44199 0054

 Milbaker Productions, Inc.
   LP44346 0058

 Milbauer (Richard S.) Productions.
   LP44346 0058
   MP26812 0062

 Miller, Edward R.
   SEE Eastwind Productions.

 Miller, Paul R.
   MP26803 0082
   MP26804 0082

 Millhouse: a white comedy.
   MP26866 0084

 Mills, James.
   LP44210 0054

 Mills, Roy.
   MP26871 0084

 Milne, Alan Alexander.
   LP44062 0050

 Mimosa Films Proprietary and Ltd.
   MP26335 0069

 Mind and body—their integration through the science of creative
    intelligence.
   MP26092 0063

 Mind for murder.
   LP44185 0053

 Mind over mouse.
   R597220 0098

 Ministry of Agriculture, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
   SEE Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. Ministry of Agriculture.

 Minney, R. J.
   LF230 0047

 Minorities.
   MP26897 0084

 A Minute to pray, a second to die.
   LP44189 0054

 Miracle in a cornfield.
   R594628 0096

 Miracle in Soho.
   LF241 0047

 Miracle Productions, Inc.
   R599792 0100

 Miranda.
   R605050 0104

 Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc.
   LP44037 0050
   LP44038 0050
   LP44233 0055
   LP44234 0055

 Mirror, mirror.
   LP44394 0059

 Mirror people.
   LP44004 0049

 Misenheimer, Mike.
   LP44240 0055

 The Misery of choice.
   MP26203 0066

 Misses his Swiss.
   MP27061 0089

 Mission: impossible.
   LP44267 0056
   LP44268 0056
   LP44269 0056
   LP44270 0056
   LP44271 0056
   LP44272 0056
   LP44273 0056
   LP44274 0056
   LP44275 0056
   LP44276 0056
   LP44277 0056
   LP44278 0056
   LP44279 0056
   LP44280 0056
   LP44281 0056
   LP44392 0059
   LP44396 0059
   LP44397 0059
   LP44398 0059
   LP44399 0059
   LP44400 0059
   LP44401 0059

 Mister Blandings builds his dream house.
   R604565 0103

 Mister Do All.
   MP27073 0089

 Mister Perrin and Mister Traill.
   R598718 0099

 Mister Piano Man.
   LP44387 0059

 Mister Ricco.
   LP44122 0052

 Mitosis.
   MP26135 0064

 Miufilm.
   MP26092 0063
   MP26093 0063

 Mixing in Mexico.
   MP27068 0089

 M.M. Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF210 0047

 Mobil Petroleum Company.
   MP26991 0087

 Modern obstetrics.
   MP26904 0085

 Monarch butterfly.
   LP44312 0057

 The Money machine.
   LP44269 0056

 Money management and family financial planning.
   MP26254 0067

 Money Talks!
   MU9312 0094

 Monitos—portrait of an artisan family.
   MP26136 0064

 The Monkey and the crab.
   MP26379 0070

 Monogram Pictures Corporation.
   R596349 0098
   R596350 0098
   R596351 0098
   R598919 0099
   R598920 0099
   R598922 0099
   R598923 0099
   R598924 0099
   R598925 0099
   R598926 0099
   R598929 0099
   R598930 0100
   R598931 0100
   R598932 0100
   R600398 0101
   R600927 0101

 Monsieur Verdoux.
   R598054 0099

 Montgomery, Shirley.
   MP26703 0079

 Montgomery Productions.
   LP44078 0051

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA.
   MP26693 0079
   MP27088 0090

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA. Educational Film Division.
   MP27088 0090

 Mooney’s other wife.
   LP44284 0056

 Moonlight Productions.
   MP26249 0067
   MP26300 0068
   MP26324 0069

 Moonrunners.
   LP44329 0057

 The Moot court.
   MP26237 0067

 More than light and shadow.
   MU9246 0093

 Morgan, Joan.
   LF259 0048

 Mosquito.
   LP44315 0057

 Mother Jefferson’s boyfriend.
   LP44538 0063

 Mother tiger, mother tiger.
   MP26111 0064

 Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University.
   SEE Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.

 Motion Picture Laboratories, Inc.
   MP26875 0084

 Motivation.
   MP26361 0070

 Motivision, Ltd.
   LP44346 0058

 Motorola.
   MP26096 0063

 Motors Insurance Company.
   MP26810 0082

 Motors Insurance Corporation.
   MP26810 0082

 Mount-O-Matic loader.
   MP26292 0068

 Mourning becomes Electra.
   R603053 0102

 Movie of the weekend.
   LP44156 0053

 Movies of the week.
   LP44050 0050
   LP44053 0050
   LP44054 0050
   LP44058 0050
   LP44059 0050
   LP44337 0058

 Movietone adventures.
   R596843 0096
   R600143 0101
   R608167 0105

 Movietone’s Feminine world.
   R607171 0105
   R608166 0105

 Movietone’s sport review.
   R600142 0101

 Movietone’s sports review.
   R601503 0102

 Moving target.
   LP44512 0062

 Moynihan Associates, Inc.
   MU9199 0092

 Mrs. B.—revised.
   MP26835 0083

 Mrs. Heintz/hands out, revised.
   MP26930 0085

 Mrs. Heintz/party hands.
   MP26931 0085

 Mrs. Lockhart/hand conscious.
   MP26928 0085

 Mrs. Lockhart/organ player.
   MP26929 0085

 Muhammad Ali versus Brian London for the Heavyweight Championship of
    the World, London, England, August 6, 1966.
   MP26608 0077

 Multi-level chemical/petroleum fire.
   MU9375 0095

 Murder by one.
   LP44178 0053

 Murder by proxy.
   LP44503 0062

 Murder by the numbers.
   LP44496 0062

 Murder for murder.
   LP44511 0062

 Murder-go-round.
   LP44458 0061

 The Murdering class.
   LP44459 0061

 Murder in the doll’s house.
   LP44471 0061

 Murder on the Orient Express.
   LF228 0047

 Muscular coordination 1: cerebellar cortex and topography.
   MU9185 0091

 Muscular coordination 2: Cerebellar conducting systems.
   MU9300 0094

 Musculoskeletal system.
   MP26918 0085

 The Museum of science, Boston.
   MP26751 0081

 Musical merry-go-round.
   R597302 0098
   R603685 0102

 Musical phonology.
   MP26937 0086

 Musical semantics.
   MP26938 0086

 Music and charm.
   MP27051 0089

 Music and charms.
   MP27051 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in Accidents won’t happen.
   MP27069 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in Dog missing.
   MP27067 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in Egyptian daze.
   MP27077 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in Mixing in Mexico.
   MP27068 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in Oceans of trouble.
   MP27050 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in Soda jerks.
   MP27055 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in The Invisible revenge.
   MP27066 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in They shall not pass.
   MP27074 0089

 Mutt and Jeff in when Hell froze over.
   MP27079 0090

 Mutt and Jeff in Where am I?
   MP27076 0089

 Mutual of Omaha.
   MP26086 0063
   MP26105 0063
   MP26106 0063
   MP26230 0067
   MP26231 0067
   MP26232 0067
   MP26469 0073
   MP26470 0073
   MP26732 0080

 Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom.
   MP26086 0063
   MP26105 0063
   MP26106 0063
   MP26230 0067
   MP26231 0067
   MP26232 0067
   MP26469 0073
   MP26470 0073
   MP26732 0080

 Mydas Touch Film Company, Ltd.
   MU9304 0094

 My dog Rusty.
   R604921 0104

 Myers, Dick.
   SEE Myers, Richard L.

 Myers, Richard L.
   LP44009 0049

 My girl Tisa.
   R598784 0099

 My New York Central scrapbook.
   MP26355 0070

 My old town.
   R596219 0098

 My pal.
   R597219 0098

 Mysteries—from beyond.
   MU9351 0095

 The Mysterious alert.
   MP26680 0079

 The Mystery crash.
   MP27086 0090

 Mystery of the silver ghost.
   R595298 0097

 My wild Irish rose.
   R595447 0097

 .sp 2
 Nadel, Richard H.
   MP26355 0070

 Naim and Jabar.
   MP26474 0073

 The Naked city.
   R601536 0102

 Nana, Mom and me.
   MP26121 0064

 National Audubon Society.
   MP26320 0069

 The National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
   MP26287 0068
   MP26288 0068
   MP26289 0068
   MP26290 0068
   MP26724 0080
   MP26725 0080
   MP26806 0082
   MP26807 0082
   MP26808 0082
   MP26809 0082
   MP26879 0084
   MP26880 0084
   MP26906 0085

 The National Caucus on the Black Aged, Inc.
   MP26734 0080

 National Center on Black Aged.
   MP26734 0080

 National Council of Churches.
   MP26806 0082
   MP26809 0082

 National Dairy Council.
   LP43985 0048

 National District Attorneys Association.
   MP26144 0064
   MP26145 0064
   MP26146 0064
   MP26147 0064
   MP26148 0065
   MP26149 0065
   MP26150 0065
   MP26151 0065

 National Farm Workers Service Center, Inc.
   MP26867 0084

 The National Film School of Great Britain.
   MP26473 0073
   MP26474 0073
   MP26967 0087
   MP26968 0087
   MP26969 0087

 National Film Trustee Company, Ltd.
   LF257 0048

 National Fire Protection Association.
   MP26101 0063

 National Fire Protection Association. Public Affairs Division.
   MP26101 0063

 National Foundation.
   SEE National Foundation—March of Dimes.

 National Foundation—March of Dimes.
   MP26229 0067
   MP26468 0073

 National Geographic Society.
   MP26311 0069
   MP26554 0075
   MP26555 0075
   MP26561 0075
   MP26562 0075
   MP26563 0075
   MP26908 0085
   MP26909 0085
   MP26910 0085
   MP26911 0085
   MP26912 0085

 National Park Service, United States Department of the Interior.
   SEE United States. Department of the Interior. National Park Service.

 National Safety Council.
   MP26204 0066
   MP26752 0081
   MP26753 0081
   MP26754 0081
   MP27086 0090

 National Society for the Prevention of Blindness. Wise Owl Club.
   MP26450 0073

 National Student Film Corporation.
   LP44048 0050

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   R599514 0100
   R599515 0100
   R599771 0100
   R599773 0100
   R599774 0100
   R599775 0100
   R599776 0100
   R599777 0100
   R599778 0100
   R599779 0100
   R599780 0100
   R599781 0100
   R599782 0100
   R599783 0100
   R599784 0100
   R599785 0100
   R599786 0100
   R599787 0100
   R599788 0100
   R599789 0100
   R599790 0100
   R599791 0100
   R599792 0100
   R599793 0101
   R599794 0101
   R599795 0101
   R599796 0101
   R599797 0101
   R599798 0101
   R599799 0101
   R599800 0101
   R599801 0101
   R599802 0101
   R599803 0101
   R599804 0101
   R599805 0101
   R599806 0101
   R606033 0104
   R606034 0104
   R606035 0104
   R606036 0104
   R606037 0104
   R606038 0104
   R606039 0104

 The Navajo way.
   MP26880 0084

 NBC News.
   MP26287 0068
   MP26806 0082
   MP26807 0082
   MP26809 0082
   MP26879 0084

 An NBC News white paper.
   MP26289 0068
   MP26290 0068

 NBC Religious Programs Unit.
   MP26808 0082

 NCBA.
   SEE National Caucus on the Black Aged, Inc.

 The Neck.
   MU9303 0094

 NEF-UPF.
   LP44412 0060

 Nero Films, Inc.
   R598988 0100

 Nerve deafness.
   MP26655 0078

 Net marvels.
   R604931 0104

 Network analysis.
   MP26546 0075

 Neurologic system.
   MP26914 0085
   MP26919 0085

 Nevada Smith.
   LP44336 0058

 The New air brake law—FMVSS 121.
   MP26661 0078

 The New automatic height control system.
   MP26756 0081

 The New A-390 three-speed manual transmission.
   MP26199 0066

 New baby care.
   MP26657 0078

 The New columm (sic) shift three-speed A-390 manual transmission.
   MP26199 0066

 The New column shift three-speed A-390 manual transmission.
   MP26199 0066

 The New Film Company, Inc.
   MP26734 0080

 The New housekeeper.
   LP44115 0052

 New Jersey Bell Telephone Company.
   MU9382 0095

 New Orleans.
   R598985 0100

 New package.
   MU9372 0095

 News of the day.
   R594831 0096
   R594832 0096
   R594833 0096
   R594834 0096
   R594835 0096
   R594836 0096
   R594837 0096
   R594838 0096
   R594839 0096
   R597916 0099
   R597917 0099
   R597918 0099
   R597919 0099
   R597920 0099
   R597921 0099
   R597922 0099
   R597923 0099
   R597924 0099
   R599868 0101
   R599869 0101
   R599870 0101
   R599871 0101
   R599872 0101
   R599873 0101
   R599874 0101
   R599875 0101
   R602060 0102
   R602061 0102
   R602062 0102
   R602063 0102
   R602064 0102
   R602065 0102
   R602066 0102
   R602067 0102
   R602068 0102
   R604233 0103
   R604234 0103
   R604235 0103
   R604236 0103
   R604237 0103
   R604238 0103
   R604239 0103
   R604240 0103
   R604241 0103
   R606655 0105
   R606656 0105
   R606657 0105
   R606658 0105
   R606659 0105
   R606660 0105
   R606661 0105
   R606662 0105

 New trains for old.
   R599206 0100

 New Yorker Films.
   MP26747 0080
   MP26866 0084

 The New York Network, a service of the State University of New York.
   SEE State University of New York. New York Network.

 New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts.
   MP26564 0075
   MP26565 0075
   MP26779 0081
   MP27140 0091
   MP27141 0091

 Niagara Falls.
   LP44139 0052

 The Nickel ride.
   LP44012 0049

 A Nigendl—a Jewish family portrait.
   MU9307 0094

 Night and day.
   MP26138 0064

 Night flight to murder.
   LP44499 0062

 A Night in jail, a day in court.
   MP26673 0079

 Nightrider.
   LP44084 0051

 Night song.
   R595426 0097

 The Nine lives of Fritz the Cat.
   LP44132 0052

 Nobody beats the house.
   LP44519 0062

 Nobody important.
   LP44198 0054

 Nolan (Roy) Films, Inc.
   LU3682 0063

 No more relatives.
   R597222 0098

 Non-swimming rescues.
   MP26841 0083

 The Noose hangs high.
   R602708 0102

 Norbud Productions, Inc.
   LP44046 0050
   LP44047 0050
   LP44103 0051

 North Carolina. Department of Cultural Resources. State Library.
   MP26462 0073

 North Dakota American Revolution Bicentennial Commission, 1776 – 1976.
   MP26821 0082

 North Dakota: flickertail flashbacks.
   MP26821 0082

 Nor the noon by night.
   LF240 0047

 North Orange County, CA. Community College District.
   MP26858 0083

 Northwoods Studio.
   MP26990 0087

 Norton lectures, 1973: The Unanswered question.
   MP26937 0086
   MP26938 0086

 Norway Corporation.
   LP44256 0055
   LP44257 0055
   LP44258 0056
   LP44259 0056
   LP44260 0056
   LP44368 0058
   LP44369 0058
   LP44370 0059
   LP44371 0059
   LP44372 0059
   LP44373 0059
   LP44374 0059
   LP44375 0059
   LP44376 0059
   LP44377 0059
   LP44378 0059
   LP44379 0059
   LP44380 0059
   LP44381 0059
   LP44382 0059
   LP44383 0059
   LP44384 0059
   LP44394 0059
   LP44395 0059

 No smoking.
   LP44332 0058

 Nostalgia party.
   LP44160 0053

 No substitute for Weck quality.
   MP26236 0067

 Notes on music.
   LP44539 0063
   LP44540 0063
   LP44541 0063

 Nothing but the tooth.
   R595463 0097

 Novosti Press Agency.
   MP26469 0073
   MP26470 0073

 No way home.
   LP44126 0052

 Now you see it.
   R599455 0100

 NRW Productions.
   LP44385 0059
   LP44386 0059
   LP44387 0059
   LP44388 0059
   LP44389 0059
   LP44390 0059
   LP44391 0059
   LP44536 0062
   LP44537 0062
   LP44538 0063

 The Nuclear threat to you.
   MP26879 0084

 The Nude.
   LP44351 0058

 Nursing management of children with cancer.
   MP26340 0069

 Nursing management of the patient receiving radiation therapy.
   MP26342 0069

 .sp 2
 Oakmont Memorial Park, Lafayette, CA.
   MP26489 0074

 O’Brien, Edna.
   LF260 0048

 Observing, recording, mapping and graphing, while studying the habits
    of honey bees.
   MP26869 0084

 Obstructive lung diseases.
   MP26653 0078

 The Occult.
   MP26801 0082

 Oceanic Filmproduction, G.M.B.H.
   LP44005 0049

 Oceans of trouble.
   MP27050 0089

 O’Connell, Jack.
   LU3680 0063

 O’Connor, Honor.
   MP26143 0064

 Oden Productions, Inc.
   LP44158 0053

 The Odessa file.
   LP44005 0049

 O’Donnell, Robert H.
   MP26234 0067
   MP26235 0067

 Of a man with a maid.
   LU3686 0063

 Office of Sheriff, Jacksonville, FL.
   SEE Jacksonville, FL. Office of Sheriff.

 Officer training.
   MP26096 0063

 Official fight pictures, Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay) versus Cleveland
    Williams for the Heavyweight Championship of the World, Astrodome,
    Houston, Texas, November 14, 1966.
   MP26604 0077

 Off to the races.
   MP27070 0089

 Ogilvie, Elisabeth.
   LF233 0047

 Oklahoma Badlands.
   R606062 0105

 O Lala.
   LP44083 0051

 Old, black and alive!
   MP26734 0080

 Old Los Angeles.
   R606067 0105

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.

 Oldsmobile—let’s get the facts about Cutlass.
   MP26770 0081

 Oldsmobile—let’s get the facts about Delta Eighty-Eight.
   MP26768 0081

 Oldsmobile—let’s get the facts about Omega and Omega Salon.
   MP26769 0081

 Oldsmobile station wagons.
   MP26173 0065

 The Old woman by the tree.
   LU3681 0063

 Olive Oyl for President.
   R597864 0099

 Olympic class.
   R600142 0101

 Omaha/Orange.
   LP44242 0055

 On an island with you.
   R603169 0102

 Once is not enough.
   LP44411 0060

 Once Kittyhawk.
   MP26558 0075

 Once more for Joey.
   LP44166 0053

 On death and dying.
   MP26808 0082

 On duty.
   MP27059 0089

 One for you, two for me.
   LP44301 0057

 The Oneida family of John Humphrey Noyes.
   MU9377 0095

 One to one.
   MP26552 0075

 Onion.
   MP26814 0082

 Onstott, Kyle.
   LP44318 0057

 Ooh mi hijo, por favor no respires!
   LP44406 0060

 Ooh my child, please don’t breathe!
   LP44404 0059

 Ooops.
   MU9350 0095

 Operant conditioning.
   MP26359 0070

 Operation: firefly.
   LP44024 0049

 Operation: heart.
   LP44397 0059

 Operation rhino.
   MP26232 0067

 Oppenheimer, John R.
   MP26233 0067

 The Orbits and optic foramina.
   MU9340 0095

 The Orchard heritage.
   LP44102 0051

 Oriel Agencies, Ltd.
   LP44081 0051

 The Ormond Organization.
   LP44127 0052

 Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation.
   MP26904 0085

 Osmundsen, Lita.
   LP44067 0050

 Ostertag, Sandy.
   MP26926 0085

 The Ostomy visitor.
   MP26351 0070

 The Ostomy visitor, a training aid.
   MP26351 0070

 The Other love.
   R606033 0104

 Ouch!
   LP44403 0059

 Out of gas?
   LP44295 0057

 Out of the blue.
   R599797 0101
   R606753 0105

 Out of the past.
   R595423 0097

 Overcoming technical errors in the histologic preparation of lymph
    nodes.
   MP26304 0068

 Overview of MAC-PAC approach.
   MP26224 0067

 Oxford Scientific Films, Ltd.
   MP26554 0075
   MP26555 0075
   MP26561 0075
   MP26562 0075
   MP26563 0075

 .sp 2
 Pace Productions, Inc.
   MP26451 0073
   MP26452 0073
   MP26453 0073
   MP26454 0073
   MP26455 0073
   MP26456 0073
   MP26457 0073

 Packer, Joy.
   LF240 0047

 Paint the rain.
   MP26152 0065

 Pajon Arts.
   MP27091 0090

 Pajon Arts, Ltd.
   LP44407 0060
   LP44408 0060

 The Palestinians.
   MP26512 0074

 Palisades Educational Films.
   MP26253 0067

 Palomar Pictures International, Inc.
   LP44194 0054

 Panfilms.
   MP26152 0065
   MP26153 0065

 Paradine (David) Films, Ltd.
   LF212 0047

 The Paradine case.
   R606687 0105

 The Paradise syndrome.
   LP44376 0059

 Paramount.
   LP44318 0057

 Paramount news.
   R599989 0101

 Paramount news, number 35.
   R595009 0096

 Paramount news, number 36.
   R595010 0096

 Paramount news, number 37.
   R595011 0096

 Paramount news, number 38.
   R595284 0096

 Paramount news, number 39.
   R595285 0096

 Paramount news, number 40.
   R595286 0096

 Paramount news, number 41.
   R595853 0098

 Paramount news, number 42.
   R595854 0098

 Paramount news, number 43.
   R596617 0098

 Paramount news, number 44.
   R597013 0098

 Paramount news, number 45.
   R597014 0098

 Paramount news, number 46.
   R598779 0099

 Paramount news, number 47.
   R598780 0099

 Paramount news, number 48.
   R598781 0099

 Paramount news, number 49.
   R598782 0099

 Paramount news, number 50.
   R598783 0099

 Paramount news, number 51.
   R599133 0100

 Paramount news, number 52.
   R599134 0100

 Paramount news, number 53.
   R599587 0100

 Paramount news, number 54.
   R599586 0100

 Paramount news, number 56.
   R600259 0101

 Paramount news, number 57.
   R600895 0101

 Paramount news, number 58.
   R600896 0101

 Paramount news, number 59.
   R601590 0102

 Paramount news, number 60.
   R601591 0102

 Paramount news, number 61.
   R602185 0102

 Paramount news, number 62.
   R602186 0102

 Paramount news, number 63.
   R604886 0103

 Paramount news, number 64.
   R604887 0103

 Paramount news, number 65.
   R602846 0102

 Paramount news, number 66.
   R602847 0102

 Paramount news, number 67.
   R603979 0102

 Paramount news, number 68.
   R603980 0102

 Paramount news, number 69.
   R603981 0102

 Paramount news, number 70.
   R603982 0103

 Paramount news, number 71.
   R606248 0105

 Paramount news, number 72.
   R606249 0105

 Paramount news, number 73.
   R606250 0105

 Paramount news, number 74.
   R606251 0105

 Paramount news, number 75.
   R606252 0105

 Paramount news, number 76.
   R606253 0105

 Paramount news, number 81.
   R607332 0105

 Paramount news, number 82.
   R607333 0105

 Paramount Pictures.
   LF228 0047

 Paramount Pictures Corporation.
   LF253 0048
   LF254 0048
   LP43996 0048
   LP44006 0049
   LP44010 0049
   LP44035 0050
   LP44199 0054
   LP44200 0054
   LP44201 0054
   LP44202 0054
   LP44203 0054
   LP44204 0054
   LP44240 0055
   LP44254 0055
   LP44255 0055
   LP44256 0055
   LP44257 0055
   LP44258 0056
   LP44259 0056
   LP44260 0056
   LP44261 0056
   LP44262 0056
   LP44263 0056
   LP44264 0056
   LP44265 0056
   LP44266 0056
   LP44267 0056
   LP44268 0056
   LP44269 0056
   LP44270 0056
   LP44271 0056
   LP44272 0056
   LP44273 0056
   LP44274 0056
   LP44275 0056
   LP44276 0056
   LP44277 0056
   LP44278 0056
   LP44279 0056
   LP44280 0056
   LP44281 0056
   LP44282 0056
   LP44283 0056
   LP44284 0056
   LP44285 0056
   LP44286 0056
   LP44321 0057
   LP44322 0057
   LP44323 0057
   LP44324 0057
   LP44325 0057
   LP44328 0057
   LP44368 0058
   LP44369 0058
   LP44370 0059
   LP44371 0059
   LP44372 0059
   LP44373 0059
   LP44374 0059
   LP44375 0059
   LP44376 0059
   LP44377 0059
   LP44378 0059
   LP44379 0059
   LP44380 0059
   LP44381 0059
   LP44382 0059
   LP44383 0059
   LP44384 0059
   LP44392 0059
   LP44393 0059
   LP44394 0059
   LP44395 0059
   LP44396 0059
   LP44397 0059
   LP44398 0059
   LP44399 0059
   LP44400 0059
   LP44401 0059
   LP44411 0060

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   R595009 0096
   R595010 0096
   R595011 0096
   R595284 0096
   R595285 0096
   R595286 0096
   R595448 0097
   R595853 0098
   R595854 0098
   R596617 0098
   R597013 0098
   R597014 0098
   R597864 0099
   R598779 0099
   R598780 0099
   R598781 0099
   R598782 0099
   R598783 0099
   R599133 0100
   R599134 0100
   R599586 0100
   R599587 0100
   R599989 0101
   R600259 0101
   R600397 0101
   R600895 0101
   R600896 0101
   R601590 0102
   R601591 0102
   R602185 0102
   R602186 0102
   R602706 0102
   R602846 0102
   R602847 0102
   R603239 0102
   R603240 0102
   R603241 0102
   R603979 0102
   R603980 0102
   R603981 0102
   R603982 0103
   R604886 0103
   R604887 0103
   R606248 0105
   R606249 0105
   R606250 0105
   R606251 0105
   R606252 0105
   R606253 0105
   R607332 0105
   R607333 0105

 Pardon my clutch.
   R604898 0103

 Parent, Gail.
   LP44035 0050

 Parnassus Productions.
   MP26114 0064

 Parrott and People.
   MP26354 0070

 Parsons, Michael J.
   LP44001 0049

 Partisan Film.
   SEE Partisan Film Productions, Ltd.

 Partisan Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF260 0048

 Partners in crime.
   LP44157 0053

 Passive range of motion exercises.
   MP26553 0075

 Pathe Industries, Inc.
   R599806 0101
   R602708 0102
   R606038 0104

 Patient behaviors.
   MP26703 0079

 The Patient with edema: new concepts, approaches, problems.
   MU9378 0095

 Patrolman, you have a problem.
   MP26698 0079

 Patterns of force.
   LP44375 0059

 Patterson Studios.
   LP44003 0049

 Paul Anderson.
   MP26641 0078

 Paul and Michelle.
   LP44324 0057

 Paying the piper.
   R597407 0098

 Peace and the Pentagon.
   MP26513 0074

 Peak.
   MU9205 0092

 The Pearl.
   R595427 0097

 P.E.F.C.
   SEE Productions et Editions Cinematographiques Francaises, S.R.L.

 The Pelvic girdle.
   MU9345 0095

 People are many, fields are few.
   MP26484 0073

 People are many, fields are small.
   MP26484 0073

 The People parlay.
   LP44296 0057

 People sell people.
   MP26552 0075

 People side of cancer.
   MP26336 0069

 Peptic ulcer.
   MP26651 0078

 Perception.
   MP26774 0081

 Perchance to kill.
   LP44455 0061

 Percussion from Pleistocene to paradiddle.
   LP44541 0063

 Perez, Severo.
   MP26136 0064

 Perfect alibi.
   LP44508 0062

 Perfect shave.
   MU9258 0093

 Peripheral vascular system.
   MP26920 0085

 Perrelli, Dan.
   MP26489 0074

 Persky-Bright.
   LP44349 0058
   LP44409 0060

 Personalizing.
   MP26307 0069

 Perspective Films.
   MP26376 0070

 Pertwee, Michael.
   LF224 0047
   LF258 0048

 The Pest that came to dinner.
   R597409 0098

 Peters, Robert L.
   MP26303 0068

 Pfizer, Inc.
   MP26321 0069
   MP26322 0069
   MP26323 0069
   MP26649 0078

 The Phantom Baron.
   LP44331 0058

 Phantom Valley.
   R595029 0096

 Philo Vance returns.
   R599780 0100

 Philo Vance’s gamble.
   R599789 0100

 Philo Vance’s secret mission.
   R599786 0100

 The Phoenix.
   LP44392 0059

 Phoenix Films.
   MP26819 0082

 Photo finish.
   LP44481 0061

 The Photographer.
   LP44272 0056

 Photomicrotomy of the human brain.
   MP26871 0084

 Photomicrotomy of the whole human brain.
   MP26871 0084

 Photoplay magazine’s gold medal awards.
   R604924 0104

 Physical change.
   MP26272 0068

 Pick, J. B.
   LP44191 0054

 A Piece of the action.
   LP44373 0059

 Pied Piper.
   SEE Pied Piper Productions.

 Pied Piper Productions.
   MP26705 0079

 Pietras, Allan.
   MP26907 0085

 Pilot V.
   MU9184 0091

 Pimsleur, Beverly.
   LU3683 0063

 Pinto.
   LP44155 0053

 Pioneer justice.
   R599790 0100

 Pipefitting.
   MP26811 0082

 The Pirate.
   R600972 0101

 Pirkle (Estus) Evangelistic Association, Inc.
   LP44127 0052

 Pirkle, Estus W.
   LP44127 0052

 Planning for the future.
   MP26254 0067

 Plant cell and reproductive parts.
   MP26133 0064

 Plants and animals depend on each other.
   MP26780 0081

 Plant talker.
   MU9335 0094

 Plasticizers.
   MP26859 0083

 Plastics.
   MP26859 0083
   MP26860 0083

 The Platinum connection.
   LP44452 0061

 Plato’s cave.
   LP44066 0050

 Playboy Productions, Inc.
   LP44011 0049

 Playtime in Scandinavia.
   R608167 0105

 Please sir!
   LF211 0047

 Plowing unlimited.
   MP27009 0088

 Plow shares.
   MP26996 0088

 Pluto’s fledgling.
   R596658 0098

 Pluto’s surprise package.
   R605181 0104

 Pluto’s sweater.
   R606811 0105

 Poet.
   MP26088 0063

 Poetic Films, Ltd.
   LF220 0047

 Poetry Music.
   MU9249 0093

 Point Films, Inc.
   MP26747 0080

 Point of order!
   MP26747 0080

 Point of proof.
   MP26292 0068
   MP26293 0068
   MP26294 0068
   MP26295 0068
   MP26296 0068
   MP26297 0068
   MP26298 0068
   MP26299 0068

 The Poisoned sea.
   MP26300 0068

 Police Department, Tallahassee.
   SEE Tallahassee, Police Department.

 Police: the human dimension.
   MP26895 0084
   MP26896 0084
   MP26897 0084
   MP26898 0084

 Police training film.
   MP26697 0079

 Pontiac Astre versus competition.
   MP26169 0065

 Pontiac Bonneville versus LeSabre, Caprice Classic and Delta 88 Royale.
   MP26170 0065

 Pontiac Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Pontiac Division.

 Pontiac LeMans and Catalina versus Ford Torino and LTD Brougham.
   MP26172 0065

 Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Pontiac Motor Division.

 The Pontiac value story.
   MP26771 0081

 Pontiac Ventura versus competition.
   MP26171 0065

 Population: zero.
   LP44022 0049

 Portrait.
   LP44081 0051

 Portrait from life.
   R598715 0099

 Portrait of a person.
   MP26819 0082

 Port Said.
   R604914 0103

 Post-Newsweek Productions, a division of Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc.
   SEE Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc. Post-Newsweek Productions.

 Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc.
   MP27011 0088
   MP27012 0088

 Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc. Post-Newsweek Productions.
   MP27012 0088

 Potato planters.
   MP26823 0083

 Power and the presidency.
   MP26664 0078

 Powers, Art.
   LP44240 0055

 The POW’s: pawns of war.
   MP26883 0084

 Prairie express.
   R598925 0099

 PRC Pictures Corporation.
   R599514 0100

 PRC Pictures, Inc.
   R599771 0100
   R599774 0100
   R599775 0100
   R599777 0100
   R599778 0100
   R599779 0100
   R599780 0100
   R599781 0100
   R599782 0100
   R599784 0100

 PRC Productions, Inc.
   R599790 0100

 The Predators.
   LP44520 0062

 Pre-hysterical man.
   R602706 0102

 Preliminary examination—armed robbery.
   MP26144 0064

 Premiere Productions, Inc.
   LP44129 0052

 Preparation and transfusion of platelet concentrates.
   MP26889 0084

 Preparation of recommendations.
   MP26218 0066

 Prepared childbirth—for a good beginning.
   MU9188 0091

 Preparing to ride: English style.
   MP26453 0073
   MP26454 0073

 Preparing to ride: western style.
   MP26451 0073
   MP26452 0073

 Prescription: take with caution.
   MP26744 0080

 Presenter demo.
   MP26833 0083

 The Presidential year.
   R605256 0104

 Press for time.
   LF219 0047

 Press pass to the slammer.
   LP44504 0062

 The Pressure is on.
   MP26820 0082

 Pressures and pulses.
   MP26917 0085

 Pressure, volume and Boyle’s Law.
   MP26181 0065

 The Pretender.
   R599785 0100

 The Pretty lady and the electronic musicians.
   LP44539 0063

 Preventable: yes or no?
   MP26752 0081

 Preventive lifeguarding.
   MP26844 0083

 Primary cancer of bone.
   MP26337 0069

 Primo Carnera versus Ray Impellitierre, New York City, New York, March
    15, 1935.
   MP26592 0076

 The Prince of thieves.
   R595028 0096

 Principles and clinical applications of fluorescein angiography.
   MU9208 0092

 Prisoner in the house.
   LP44219 0054

 The Prisoner of Second Avenue.
   LP44320 0057

 Prisoners.
   LP44509 0062

 The Private affairs of Bel Ami.
   R599515 0100

 A Private little war.
   LP44369 0058

 The Problem.
   MP26239 0067

 Process.
   MU9376 0095

 The Production Company.
   MP26207 0066

 Productions et Editions Cinematographiques Francaises, S.R.L.
   LP44133 0052

 Productivity and the self-fulfilling prophecy: The Pygmalion effect.
   MP26167 0065

 The Professional education series.
   MP26303 0068
   MP26304 0068
   MP26889 0084

 Professional Research, Inc.
   MP26650 0078
   MP26651 0078
   MP26652 0078
   MP26653 0078
   MP26654 0078
   MP26655 0078
   MP26656 0078
   MP26657 0078
   MP26658 0078
   MP26659 0078
   MP26775 0081

 Professional Selling Institute, Inc.
   MP26122 0064

 Profiles in literature.
   MP26727 0080
   MP26728 0080

 Profit island, U.S.A.
   MU9196 0091

 Program design: the self-structured way.
   MP26107 0063

 Programmed for killing.
   LP44451 0061

 Project Bilingual.
   LP44140 0052
   LP44141 0052
   LP44142 0052
   LP44143 0052
   LP44144 0052
   LP44145 0052
   LP44146 0052
   LP44147 0053

 Project management.
   MP26546 0075
   MP26547 0075
   MP26548 0075
   MP26549 0075
   MP26854 0083

 Protists: Threshold of life.
   MP26563 0075

 Proximal extremities.
   MU9346 0095

 Psychodrama in action.
   LU3685 0063

 Public Affairs Division of the National Fire Protection Association.
   SEE National Fire Protection Association. Public Affairs Division.

 Public relations—this means you.
   R605255 0104

 Pueblo Pluto.
   R597615 0098

 Puerto Rico.
   MU9196 0091

 The Pulley.
   MP26277 0068

 Pulmonary complications in shock.
   MP26857 0083

 The Pursuit of youth.
   MP26287 0068

 Puss in boots.
   MP27052 0089

 Puzo, Mario.
   LP44010 0049

 Pygmalion effect.
   MP26167 0065

 Pyramid Films, Inc.
   MP26302 0068

 .sp 2
 Q-ED Productions, Inc.
   MP26862 0084

 QM Productions.
   LP44137 0052
   LP44138 0052
   LP44417 0060
   LP44418 0060
   LP44419 0060
   LP44420 0060
   LP44421 0060
   LP44422 0060
   LP44423 0060
   LP44424 0060
   LP44425 0060
   LP44426 0060
   LP44427 0060
   LP44428 0060
   LP44429 0060
   LP44430 0060
   LP44431 0060
   LP44432 0060
   LP44433 0060
   LP44434 0060
   LP44435 0060
   LP44436 0060
   LP44437 0060
   LP44438 0060
   LP44439 0060
   LP44440 0061
   LP44441 0061
   LP44442 0061
   LP44443 0061
   LP44444 0061
   LP44445 0061
   LP44446 0061
   LP44447 0061
   LP44448 0061
   LP44449 0061
   LP44450 0061
   LP44451 0061
   LP44452 0061
   LP44453 0061
   LP44454 0061
   LP44455 0061
   LP44456 0061
   LP44457 0061
   LP44458 0061
   LP44459 0061
   LP44460 0061
   LP44461 0061
   LP44462 0061
   LP44463 0061
   LP44464 0061
   LP44465 0061
   LP44466 0061
   LP44467 0061
   LP44468 0061
   LP44469 0061
   LP44470 0061
   LP44471 0061
   LP44472 0061
   LP44473 0061
   LP44474 0061
   LP44475 0061
   LP44476 0061
   LP44477 0061
   LP44478 0061
   LP44479 0061
   LP44480 0061
   LP44481 0061
   LP44482 0061
   LP44483 0061
   LP44484 0061
   LP44485 0061
   LP44486 0061
   LP44487 0061
   LP44488 0062
   LP44489 0062
   LP44490 0062
   LP44491 0062
   LP44492 0062
   LP44493 0062
   LP44494 0062
   LP44495 0062
   LP44496 0062
   LP44497 0062
   LP44498 0062
   LP44499 0062
   LP44500 0062
   LP44501 0062
   LP44502 0062
   LP44503 0062
   LP44504 0062
   LP44505 0062
   LP44506 0062
   LP44507 0062
   LP44508 0062
   LP44509 0062
   LP44510 0062
   LP44511 0062
   LP44512 0062
   LP44513 0062
   LP44514 0062
   LP44515 0062
   LP44516 0062
   LP44517 0062
   LP44518 0062
   LP44519 0062
   LP44520 0062
   LP44521 0062
   LP44522 0062
   LP44523 0062
   LP44524 0062
   LP44525 0062
   LP44526 0062
   LP44527 0062

 Quaker Oats Company.
   MP26354 0070

 Quartette.
   MP26818 0082

 A Quest Books film.
   MP26255 0067

 Quest for love.
   LF217 0047

 A Question of attitudes.
   MP26754 0081

 Question of consent—rape.
   MP26151 0065

 The Quiet line.
   MP26993 0067

 .sp 2
 Rabbit punch.
   R595459 0097

 The Race rider.
   R595467 0097

 Radcliffe College, Cambridge, MA.
   MP26819 0082

 Radical mastectomy: a no-touch technique.
   MP26972 0087

 Radio and Television Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Radio and Television Commission.

 Radio and Television Packagers. Inc.
   MP27050 0089
   MP27051 0089
   MP27052 0089
   MP27053 0089
   MP27054 0089
   MP27055 0089
   MP27056 0089
   MP27057 0089
   MP27058 0089
   MP27059 0089
   MP27060 0089
   MP27061 0089
   MP27062 0089
   MP27063 0089
   MP27064 0089
   MP27065 0089
   MP27066 0089
   MP27067 0089
   MP27068 0089
   MP27069 0089
   MP27070 0089
   MP27071 0089
   MP27072 0089
   MP27073 0089
   MP27074 0089
   MP27075 0089
   MP27076 0069
   MP27077 0089
   MP27078 0089
   MP27079 0090
   MP27080 0090
   MP27081 0090
   MP27082 0090
   MP27083 0090
   MP27084 0090
   MP27085 0090

 Radiologic technology program.
   MU9337 0094
   MU9338 0094
   MU9339 0095
   MU9340 0095
   MU9341 0095
   MU9342 0095
   MU9343 0095
   MU9344 0095
   MU9345 0095
   MU9346 0095
   MU9347 0095
   MU9348 0095
   MU9349 0095
   MU9388 0096

 Rafferty and the Gold Dust Twins.
   LP44101 0051

 Railroaded.
   R599793 0101

 Rainbows United, Inc.
   MP26250 0067

 Raisz, Erwin.
   R605571 0104

 Ramrod.
   R599776 0100

 Ramsgate Films.
   MP26490 0074

 Random guest.
   LF217 0047

 Rand Productions, Inc.
   LP44060 0050

 Range beyond the blue.
   R599771 0100

 Rango, Jr.
   MU9178 0091

 Rank (J. Arthur) Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF232 0047
   LF233 0047
   LF234 0047
   LF235 0047
   LF236 0047
   LF237 0047
   LF241 0047
   LF242 0047
   LF243 0048

 Rank (J. Arthur) Organisation.
   LF213 0047
   LF215 0047
   LF216 0047
   LF255 0048

 Rank (Levis) Post Productions, Ltd.
   LF218 0047

 Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF209 0047
   LF217 0047
   LF221 0047
   LF222 0047
   LF226 0047
   LF229 0047
   LF230 0047
   LF231 0047
   LF238 0047
   LF239 0047
   LF240 0047
   LF247 0048
   LF248 0048
   LF249 0048
   LF250 0048
   LF251 0048
   LF256 0048
   LF261 0048
   LF262 0048
   R595249 0096
   R598712 0099
   R598713 0099
   R598714 0099
   R598715 0099
   R598716 0099
   R598717 0099
   R598718 0099
   R598719 0099
   R598720 0099
   R605048 0104
   R605049 0104
   R605050 0104
   R605051 0104

 Rank Organisation.
   LF209 0047
   LF211 0047
   LF212 0047
   LF217 0047
   LF218 0047
   LF219 0047
   LF221 0047
   LF225 0047
   LF226 0047
   LF229 0047
   LF247 0048
   LF248 0048
   LF249 0048
   LF250 0048
   LF251 0048
   LF252 0048
   LF256 0048
   LF258 0048
   LF260 0048
   LF262 0048

 The Rank Organisation. Film Distribution Division.
   LF223 0047

 The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF223 0047
   LF224 0047
   LF233 0047
   LF234 0047
   LF235 0047
   LF236 0047
   LF237 0047
   LF238 0047
   LF239 0047
   LF241 0047

 The Ransom.
   LP44137 0052

 Rationale for classification, background of I-level and related
    research, I-level concepts, I-levels in normal development.
   MP26415 0071

 The Ravine.
   LF261 0048

 Raw deal.
   R606246 0105

 Ray Robinson versus Joey Archer, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, November 10,
    1965.
   MP26956 0086

 The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc.
   LP44089 0051

 Readin’ and writin’ ain’t everything.
   MP27087 0090

 Reading: an introduction.
   MP26210 0066

 Reading is the family.
   MP26462 0073

 Real Jesus.
   MP26795 0082

 Real Jesus, Seattle campaign.
   MP26799 0082

 Real violins.
   MP26776 0081

 Real woman revised.
   MU9207 0092

 Rebel rabbit.
   R597410 0098

 The Recovery.
   LP44281 0056

 The Red stallion.
   R599791 0100

 Redwood Productions, Inc.
   LP44199 0054
   LP44200 0054
   LP44201 0054
   LP44202 0054
   LP44203 0054
   LP44204 0054

 Reflections in depth.
   MP26761 0081

 Reggie Leach.
   MP26492 0074

 Reggie Leach—skating drills.
   MP26492 0074

 Register and vote.
   MP26881 0084

 The Relationship of higher education to the quality of life.
   MP26093 0063

 Relative motion.
   MP26762 0081

 Relativity: a series of computer-animated films.
   MP26716 0080
   MP26717 0080
   MP26718 0080
   MP26719 0080
   MP26720 0080
   MP26721 0080
   MP26722 0080
   MP26723 0080

 Relentless.
   R604896 0103

 Reliance Pictures, Inc.
   R606246 0105

 Remote control.
   LP44297 0057

 Removal from the water.
   MP26842 0083

 Rendezvous with terror.
   LP44449 0061

 Renegade Pass.
   R595297 0097

 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
   MP26116 0064
   MP26117 0064

 Rentadick.
   LF212 0047

 Repeat performance.
   R599783 0100

 Repentance.
   MP26800 0082

 Repix, Inc.
   R599772 0100
   R606055 0104
   R606056 0104
   R606057 0104
   R606058 0104
   R606059 0104
   R606060 0104
   R606061 0104
   R606062 0105
   R606063 0105
   R606064 0105
   R606065 0105
   R606066 0105
   R606067 0105
   R606068 0105
   R606069 0105

 Report to the commissioner.
   LP44210 0054

 Report writing.
   MP26096 0063

 The Republic.
   LP44066 0050

 The Republicans.
   MP27139 0091

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   R599772 0100
   R599773 0100
   R599785 0100
   R606056 0104
   R606057 0104
   R606058 0104
   R606059 0104
   R606060 0104
   R606061 0104
   R606062 0105
   R606063 0105
   R606064 0105
   R606065 0105
   R606066 0105
   R606067 0105
   R606068 0105
   R606069 0105

 Requiem for a son.
   LP44457 0061

 The Rescue of Athena One.
   LP44029 0049

 Responding.
   MP26330 0069

 Responsibility reporting.
   MP26217 0066

 Restraining the adult and pediatric patient.
   MP26704 0079

 Resurrection.
   MP26798 0082

 Return of the lash.
   R599794 0101

 The Return of the Whistler.
   R604925 0104

 Return to tomorrow.
   LP44374 0059

 Revenge.
   LF262 0048

 The Revenge of Milady.
   LP44215 0054

 Rheumatoid arthritis.
   MP26650 0078

 Rhythm of the big city.
   R602710 0102

 Richards, Robert E.
   MP26363 0070

 Rich man’s disease.
   LP44536 0062

 Rick MacLeish—center ice defensive skills.
   MP26493 0074

 Rick MacLeish—center ice defensive techniques.
   MP26493 0074

 Riddle at 24,000.
   LP44175 0053

 Riddle of Rhodesia.
   R600143 0101

 Rideout, Douglas W.
   MP26558 0075

 Ride, ranchero, ride.
   R600396 0101

 Rider of Mystery Mesa.
   R595295 0096

 Ridin’ down the trail.
   R598923 0099

 Riding wild.
   R595300 0097

 Right to an attorney.
   LP44288 0056

 Rikki-Tikki-Tavi.
   LP43987 0048

 Ring of bright water.
   LP44194 0054

 The Rip-off.
   LP44207 0054
   LP44521 0062

 The Rise and fall of the Third Reich.
   LP44163 0053
   LP44164 0053
   LP44165 0053

 Riskin (Robert) Productions, Inc.
   R599795 0101

 RKO General, Inc.
   R595422 0097
   R595423 0097
   R595424 0097
   R595425 0097
   R595426 0097
   R595427 0097
   R604560 0103
   R604561 0103
   R604562 0103
   R604563 0103
   R604564 0103
   R604565 0103
   R604566 0103
   R605230 0104
   R605231 0104

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   R595422 0097
   R595423 0097
   R595424 0097
   R595425 0097
   R595426 0097
   R595427 0097
   R597219 0098
   R597220 0098
   R597221 0098
   R597222 0098
   R598785 0099
   R600258 0101
   R602461 0102
   R603053 0102
   R604560 0103
   R604561 0103
   R604563 0103
   R604564 0103
   R604565 0103
   R604566 0103
   R606247 0105

 Road to the big house.
   R606037 0104

 Robb, Lois Campbell.
   MU9312 0094

 Robbery under arms.
   LF238 0047

 Roberto Duran—Hiroshi Kobayashi, October 1, 1971, Panama City, Panama.
   MP26950 0086

 Roberto Duran versus Hiroshi Kobayashi, Panama City, Panama, October 1,
    1971.
   MP26950 0086

 Roberts Productions, Inc.
   R599800 0101

 Robin Hood of Monterey.
   R598920 0099

 Robinson, Frank M.
   LP44088 0051

 Robman, David Lawrence.
   MU9376 0095

 Rocinante.
   MP26776 0081

 Rock drummer 0820.
   MP26356 0070

 The Rockefellers.
   MP26511 0074

 Rocky Graziano versus Tony Janiro, Detroit, Michigan, September
    19,1951.
   MP26958 0086

 Rocky Graziano versus Tony Janiro, September 19, 1951, Detroit,
    Michigan.
   MP26958 0086

 Rocky Mountain Productions, Inc.
   MP26115 0064

 Rodeo thrills and spills.
   R604929 0104

 Rogers (Peter) Productions, Ltd.
   LF209 0047
   LF222 0047
   LF226 0047
   LF229 0047
   LF247 0048
   LF249 0048
   LF251 0048

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   LP44331 0058
   R599988 0101
   R606753 0105

 Romeo and Juliet.
   LF220 0047

 Rook, David.
   LF246 0048

 A Room with a view.
   LP44437 0060

 Rose, Kathy.
   LP44004 0049

 Rosebud.
   LP44360 0058

 Rose of Santa Rosa.
   R595033 0096

 Rossi, Giorgio Carlo.
   LP43982 0048

 Rosslyn Productions, Ltd.
   LP44324 0057

 Rothschild, Amalie R.
   MP26120 0064
   MP26121 0064

 The Routine skull.
   MU9348 0095

 Routine skull examination.
   MU9348 0095

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   MP26123 0064
   MP26162 0065
   MP26163 0065
   MP26164 0065
   MP26165 0065
   MP26195 0066
   MP26196 0066
   MP26197 0066
   MP26198 0066
   MP26199 0066
   MP26200 0066
   MP26201 0066
   MP26202 0066
   MP26203 0066
   MP26305 0069
   MP26589 0076
   MP26590 0076
   MP26736 0080
   MP26756 0081
   MP26757 0081
   MP26758 0081

 Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Ltd.
   SEE Covent Garden, Ltd. Royal Opera House.

 Royere, Idell Tarlow.
   LU3681 0063

 Royere, William.
   LU3681 0063

 The Roy Export Company Establishment.
   R598054 0099

 Ruben Olivares versus Shuji Chiyota, Chicago, Illinois, July 22, 1970.
   MP26952 0086

 The Runaway.
   LP44090 0051

 Run, Steve, run.
   LP44034 0050

 The Rural cooperative.
   MP26482 0073

 The Russian connection.
   MP26288 0068

 The Russians nobody knows.
   R599204 0100

 .sp 2
 S*P*Y*S.
   LP44087 0051

 The Sacrum and coccyx.
   MU9343 0095

 The Sad clowns.
   LP43995 0048

 Saelzler, James M.
   MP26088 0063

 Saelzler (Jim) Cinematography.
   MP26088 0063
   MP26301 0068

 Safe in nature.
   MP26699 0079

 Safe in recreation.
   MP26097 0063

 Safety Department, Union Pacific Railroad.
   SEE Union Pacific Railroad. Safety Department.

 Safety man.
   MP26560 0075

 Saigon.
   R603240 0102

 Saint Agnes School, Albany.
   LU3683 0063

 Saint David’s Community Hospital, Austin.
   MU9188 0091

 Saint David’s Hospital.
   SEE Saint David’s Community Hospital, Austin.

 Saint-Exupery, Antoine de.
   LP44006 0049

 Saint John Nepomucene Church, New York.
   SEE Hallel Communication Center; Panfilms.

 Salt water tuffy.
   LP44233 0055

 Salvage of the failed primary flexor tendon repair.
   MP27013 0088

 Sammy Angott versus Slugger White for Lightweight Championship,
    Hollywood, California, October 27, 1943.
   MP26631 0077

 Sam’s song.
   LP44020 0049

 San Antonio Independent School District.
   LP44140 0052
   LP44141 0052
   LP44142 0052
   LP44143 0052
   LP44144 0052
   LP44145 0052

 Sandcastles.
   LP44077 0051

 Sanderson, Richard A.
   MP26376 0070

 The Sandwich man.
   LF252 0048

 Sanford and Son.
   LP44046 0050
   LP44047 0050
   LP44103 0051

 San Francisco. Police Department.
   MP26971 0087

 Santiago, Cirio.
   LP44129 0052

 Saparoff, Albert.
   SEE Saparoff Films, Inc. Dana Productions.

 Saparoff Films, Inc. Dana Productions.
   MP26974 0087

 Saturday afternoon.
   LP44196 0054

 Saturday House.
   MP26129 0064
   MP26130 0064
   MP26131 0064
   MP26132 0064

 Saturday’s child.
   LP44124 0052

 Sauder (Robert) Associates.
   LP44243 0055
   LP44244 0055
   LP44245 0055
   LP44248 0055
   LP44249 0055
   LP44326 0057

 Sauer, Patricia.
   LP44407 0060

 The Savage curtain.
   LP44372 0059

 The Savage is loose.
   LP44065 0050

 The Savage Is Loose Company.
   LP44065 0050

 Savage sisters.
   LP44136 0052

 Saving energy at home.
   MP26490 0074

 Scandrett, Sharon.
   MP26703 0079

 Scans Associates, Inc.
   MU9384 0095

 Scans computer-controlled testing systems.
   MU9384 0095

 Scarry, Rick.
   MP26109 0064
   MP26591 0076

 The Scene stealers.
   LP44303 0057

 Schenck, Robert R.
   MP27013 0088

 Schloat (Warren) Productions, Inc.
   MP26124 0064
   MP26125 0064
   MP26126 0064
   MP26127 0064
   MP26128 0064
   MP26129 0064
   MP26130 0064
   MP26131 0064
   MP26132 0064
   MP26133 0064
   MP26134 0064
   MP26135 0064

 Schlock.
   LP44008 0049

 Schlockman, H. Eric.
   MU9248 0093

 Schnell, Jo C.
   MP26461 0073

 School bus safety and courtesy.
   MP26730 0080

 School of Nursing, Vanderbilt University.
   SEE Vanderbilt University, Nashville. School of Nursing.

 Schroeppel, Tom.
   MP26695 0079

 Schulz (Charles M.) Creative Associates.
   LP44195 0054

 Schwarz (Jack) Productions.
   R598986 0100

 Science skills, film no. 1.
   MP26869 0084

 Science skills, film no. 2.
   MP26870 0084

 The Scientific approach.
   MP26362 0070

 Scortia, Thomas N.
   LP44088 0051

 Scott, Adrian.
   LP44237 0055

 Scream, Blacula, scream.
   LP44042 0050

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   R595294 0096
   R595301 0097
   R595302 0097
   R595303 0097
   R595304 0097
   R604900 0103
   R604912 0103

 Screen snapshots, ser. no. 27.
   R604901 0103

 Screen snapshots, ser. 27.
   R604930 0104

 Screen snapshots, ser. 27, no. 6.
   R604924 0104

 The Screw.
   MP26268 0068

 Scudda hoo! Scudda hay!
   R601501 0101

 The Sea Hound, chap. 14.
   R595030 0096

 The Sea Hound, chap. 15.
   R595031 0096

 The Seal.
   LP44398 0059

 Search.
   MP26325 0069
   MP26326 0069
   MP26327 0069
   MP26328 0069
   R602593 0102

 Sea salts.
   R606810 0105

 Season.
   LP44191 0054

 Secondari (John H.) Productions, Ltd.
   LP44246 0055
   LP44247 0055

 Secretary trouble.
   R602461 0102

 Secret life of a trout river.
   MP26562 0075

 Secret of the dunes.
   LP44465 0061

 Sedgemoor Productions, Ltd.
   LF210 0047

 The Seeds.
   MP26809 0082

 The Seekers.
   LF244 0048

 See some evil, do some evil.
   LP44469 0061

 Segal, Edith.
   MU9307 0094

 Segaloff, Nat.
   MP26466 0073

 Seidenberg, Mark.
   LP44213 0054

 The Selection interview.
   MP26708 0079

 Select Productions, Inc.
   R598987 0100

 Self-examination of the breast.
   MU9388 0096

 Self-structured way.
   MP26107 0063

 The Sella turcica.
   MU9339 0095

 Selmur Pictures Corporation.
   LP44189 0054

 Selmur Productions, Inc.
   LP44193 0054

 Sequential logic.
   MP26851 0083

 Sequoia Pictures, Inc.
   LP44134 0052
   LP44135 0052

 Series of the greats.
   MP26122 0064

 Sermons from Science series.
   MP26693 0079

 Servicing Chrysler’s 100-ampere alternator and 1.8 horsepower starter
    motor.
   MP26162 0065

 Set this town on fire.
   LP44235 0055

 The Set-up.
   LP44434 0060

 Seven Oaks/Concern, Inc. Productions, a division of Starbecker, Inc.
   SEE Starbecker, Inc. Seven Oaks Productions; Starbecker, Inc.
      Concern, Inc.

 The Seventh grave.
   LP44506 0062

 Shachter, Jaqueline.
   MP26727 0080
   MP26728 0080

 The Shadow man.
   LP44527 0062

 Shadow Valley.
   R599804 0101

 Shafaq, Toryali.
   MP26473 0073
   MP26474 0073
   MP26475 0073

 Shampoo.
   LP44349 0058

 Shanghai.
   MP26502 0074

 Shapiro, Edwin.
   MP26138 0064

 Shattered image.
   LP44441 0061

 Shaving problems.
   MU9260 0093

 Shaw Brothers-Hong Kong, Ltd.
   LP43982 0048

 Sheff, Stan.
   SEE Sheff, Stanley J.

 Sheff, Stanley J.
   LU3687 0063

 Sheila Levine is dead and living in New York.
   LP44035 0050

 Shelley, Mary Wollstonecraft.
   LP44007 0049

 Sherman (Harry) Pictures, Inc.
   R599776 0100

 Shirer, William L.
   LP44163 0053
   LP44164 0053
   LP44165 0053

 Shivering Sherlocks.
   R604906 0103

 Shoplifting, it’s a crime.
   MP26702 0079

 Short walk to daylight.
   LP44057 0050

 The Shoulder girdle.
   MU9349 0095

 Shower.
   MP26826 0083

 A Show-off concert.
   MP27141 0091

 Sierra Club.
   LP43988 0048

 Sight and Sound, Inc.
   MP26558 0075

 Sigma Productions, Inc.
   LP44360 0058

 The Sign of the ram.
   R604904 0103

 Silents please.
   LP43989 0048
   LP43990 0048
   LP43991 0048
   LP43992 0048
   LP43993 0048
   LP43994 0048
   LP43995 0048

 Silly Billy.
   R604899 0103

 Silo Cinema, Inc.
   MP26467 0073

 Silver river.
   R607177 0105

 Silverton Productions, Inc.
   LP44022 0049
   LP44023 0049
   LP44024 0049
   LP44025 0049
   LP44026 0049
   LP44027 0049
   LP44028 0049
   LP44029 0049
   LP44030 0049
   LP44031 0050
   LP44032 0050
   LP44033 0050
   LP44034 0050
   LP44053 0050
   LP44054 0050

 Simek, Lynn.
   LU3683 0063

 Simenon, Georges.
   LP44148 0053
   LP44193 0054

 Simon, Lester.
   LU3691 0063

 Simon, Neil.
   LP44320 0057

 Simon (Norton) Inc.
   LP44158 0053

 Simpson, Alan.
   LP44046 0050
   LP44047 0050
   LP44103 0051

 Simultaneity is relative.
   MP26716 0080

 Sinai Hospital of Detroit.
   MU9246 0093

 Sing a song of murder.
   LP44470 0061

 Sinister flesh.
   LU3687 0063

 Siren of Atlantis.
   R595283 0096

 Sister Kenny Institute, Minneapolis.
   MP26553 0075

 Sitoro (PTE) Ltd.
   LP43982 0048

 Sitting pretty.
   R601502 0102

 Six for five.
   LP44302 0057

 The Six million dollar man.
   LP44017 0049
   LP44018 0049
   LP44019 0049
   LP44022 0049
   LP44023 0049
   LP44024 0049
   LP44025 0049
   LP44026 0049
   LP44027 0049
   LP44028 0049
   LP44029 0049
   LP44030 0049
   LP44031 0050
   LP44032 0050
   LP44033 0050
   LP44034 0050

 Sixty-five today.
   LP44047 0050

 Sizzling stones.
   LP44304 0057

 Skeletal and topographic anatomy.
   MU9190 0091
   MU9200 0092
   MU9201 0092
   MU9202 0092
   MU9203 0092
   MU9297 0094
   MU9298 0094
   MU9299 0094
   MU9303 0094

 Skeletal features of the human skull. Pt. 2: The Face.
   MU9200 0092

 Skeletal features of the lower extremity.
   MU9298 0094

 Skeletal features of the upper extremity.
   MU9202 0092

 Skeletal features of the upper extremity. Pt. 2: Topography of forearm,
    wrist and hand.
   MU9203 0092

 Sky above, death below.
   LP44522 0062

 Sky thrills.
   R596843 0098

 Skywatch.
   LP44365 0058
   LP44366 0058

 Slapstick.
   LP43991 0048

 Slaughter’s big rip-off.
   LP44043 0050

 The Slave.
   LP44267 0056
   LP44268 0056

 Sleep my love.
   R606055 0104

 Slippy McGee.
   R606056 0104

 Small (Edward) Productions, Inc.
   R603568 0102
   R606246 0105
   R606495 0105

 Smiles and styles.
   R604930 0104

 Smith, Grant.
   LP43986 0048

 The Smugglers.
   R598716 0099

 Snacks count too.
   MP26706 0079

 Snell, Richard.
   MU9301 0094

 Snelling and Snelling, Inc.
   MP26746 0080

 Snorkeling skills and rescue techniques.
   MP26840 0083

 Snow Leopard Films.
   LU3684 0063

 Snyder (Bill) Films, Inc.
   MP26821 0082

 Snyder, William D.
   MP26821 0082

 Soap box derby.
   R602713 0102

 Soda jerks.
   MP27055 0089

 The Solid gold kidnapping.
   LP44018 0049

 Some fleeting memories.
   MP26355 0070

 Somersaulter, Lillian P., pseud.
   SEE Sauer, Patricia.

 Somerset Pictures Corporation.
   R606034 0104
   R606037 0104

 Some solutions.
   MP26240 0067

 Something money can’t buy.
   LF215 0047

 Something old, something new.
   R608166 0105

 Sometimes there’s no bottom in the bottle.
   LP44355 0058

 A Song is born.
   R605071 0104

 Song of Idaho.
   R604910 0103

 Song of my heart.
   R598928 0099

 Song of Norway.
   LP44192 0054

 Song of the wasteland.
   R596351 0098

 Sonny Liston versus Cassius Clay for Heavyweight Championship, Miami
    Beach, Florida, February 25, 1964.
   MP26634 0078

 Sorbus, Inc.
   MP26989 0087

 Sorenson, Don L.
   MP26359 0070
   MP26360 0070
   MP26361 0070
   MP26362 0070
   MP26774 0081

 The Soul of Nigger Charley.
   LP44255 0055

 Soundings.
   MP26638 0078

 Soup du jour.
   LU3693 0063

 Southern Baptist Convention.
   LP44070 0051

 Southern Baptist Convention. Radio and Television Commission.
   LP44068 0051
   LP44069 0051
   LP44070 0051
   LP44071 0051
   LP44072 0051
   LP44073 0051
   LP44074 0051
   LP44075 0051
   LP44076 0051
   LP44077 0051
   MP26641 0078
   MP26642 0078
   MP26643 0078
   MP26644 0078
   MP26645 0078
   MP26807 0082

 Southern Baptist hour.
   MP26807 0082

 Southern Baptist Radio and Television Commission.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Radio and Television Commission.

 Southern Pacific Transportation Company.
   MP26971 0087

 Souvenirs of death.
   R607113 0105

 So well remembered.
   R605231 0104

 Spangler and Sons Pictures, Ltd.
   LP44255 0055

 Sparrow.
   LP44072 0051

 Special equipment rescues.
   MP26846 0083

 Special procedures of the pediatric physical examination.
   MP26923 0085

 Special wildlife report.
   MP26469 0073
   MP26470 0073

 The Speed of projectiles, sound and light.
   MP26720 0080

 Speed trap.
   LP44116 0052

 Speight, Johnny.
   LP44104 0051
   LP44217 0054
   LP44219 0054
   LP44223 0054
   LP44224 0054
   LP44225 0054
   LP44332 0058
   LP44333 0058
   LP44334 0058
   LP44341 0058
   LP44342 0058
   LP44344 0058
   LP44345 0058
   LP44529 0062
   LP44530 0062
   LP44531 0062

 Spiders: aggression and mating.
   MP26561 0075

 The Spirit of West Point.
   R599796 0101

 The Spirit possession of Alejandro Mamani.
   MP26825 0083

 Split second decisions.
   MP26495 0074

 Sports Films and Talents, Inc.
   MP26363 0070

 Spring cleaning.
   MP27082 0090

 SPSC Productions Corporation.
   SEE S.P.S.C. Productions, Inc.

 S.P.S.C. Productions, Inc.
   LP44080 0051

 The Spy.
   LP44273 0056

 Squareheads of the round table.
   R604905 0103

 Stage to Mesa City.
   R599805 0101

 Stakeout.
   LP44525 0062

 The Stalker.
   LP44482 0061

 Standard cost accounting.
   MP26212 0066

 Stand-in for death.
   LP44475 0061

 Stanford Heart Disease Prevention Program.
   MU9386 0096
   MU9387 0096
   MU9391 0096

 Stanford University. Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University.
   MU9386 0096
   MU9387 0096
   MU9391 0096

 Starbecker, Inc. Concern, Inc.
   MP26103 0063

 Starbecker, Inc. Seven Oaks Productions.
   MP26103 0063

 Star Films, Inc.
   R599803 0101

 The Stars are beautiful.
   MP26174 0065

 Star trek.
   LP44256 0055
   LP44257 0055
   LP44258 0056
   LP44259 0056
   LP44260 0056
   LP44368 0058
   LP44369 0058
   LP44370 0059
   LP44371 0059
   LP44372 0059
   LP44373 0059
   LP44374 0059
   LP44375 0059
   LP44376 0059
   LP44377 0059
   LP44378 0059
   LP44379 0059
   LP44380 0059
   LP44381 0059
   LP44382 0059
   LP44383 0059
   LP44384 0059
   LP44394 0059
   LP44395 0059

 State University of New York. New York Network.
   MP26905 0085

 The Steadfast tin soldier.
   MP27054 0089

 Steam conservation via better steam trap maintenance.
   MU9309 0094

 Steeg, Ted.
   MP26712 0080

 Stepchild.
   R599781 0100

 Steptoe and Son.
   LP44046 0050
   LP44047 0050
   LP44103 0051

 Sterling Educational.
   LP43993 0048

 Sterling Television.
   LP43990 0048
   LP43995 0048

 Stern, Richard Martin.
   LP44088 0051

 Stop thief.
   MP26556 0075

 Stored plastics, a different fire hazard.
   MP26208 0066

 Storm over Britain.
   R599203 0100

 The Strangers in the house.
   LP44193 0054

 The Streets of San Francisco.
   LP44418 0060
   LP44419 0060
   LP44420 0060
   LP44421 0060
   LP44422 0060
   LP44423 0060
   LP44424 0060
   LP44425 0060
   LP44426 0060
   LP44427 0060
   LP44428 0060
   LP44429 0060
   LP44430 0060
   LP44431 0060
   LP44432 0060
   LP44433 0060
   LP44434 0060
   LP44435 0060
   LP44436 0060
   LP44437 0060
   LP44438 0060
   LP44439 0060
   LP44440 0061
   LP44441 0061
   LP44442 0061
   LP44443 0061
   LP44444 0061

 Stress.
   MP26896 0084

 The Strongest man in the world.
   LP44154 0053

 The Structure, gait and handling of the Weimaraner.
   MU9389 0096

 Sugar Hill.
   LP43984 0048

 Sugar Ray Robinson versus Joey Archer, November 10, 1965, Pittsburgh,
    Pennsylvania.
   MP26956 0086

 Sugar Ray Robinson versus Rocky Castellani, San Francisco, California,
    July 22, 1955.
   MP26613 0077

 Sujac Productions, Ltd.
   LP44411 0060

 Summers, C.
   SEE Summers, Orville E.

 Summers, Orville E.
   MP26460 0073

 Summit meeting.
   LP44138 0052

 Sunburn.
   LP44364 0058

 Sunday: doomsday.
   LP44460 0061

 Sunken treasure.
   MP27058 0089

 Sun Valley fun.
   R600393 0101

 Supercops.
   LP44226 0055

 Super Stooges versus the Wonder Women.
   LP43982 0048

 A Super supermarket.
   MP26334 0069

 Support your child in school.
   MP26882 0084

 Suppose they gave a war and nobody came.
   LP44190 0054

 Survival.
   MP26863 0084

 Survival of the fittest.
   LP44023 0049

 Survival swimming.
   MP26845 0083

 Survivors.
   LP44228 0055

 Susann, Jacqueline.
   LP44411 0060

 Sutherland (John) Productions, Inc.
   R595821 0098
   R595822 0098
   R595823 0098
   R595824 0098

 Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.
   LP44140 0052
   LP44141 0052
   LP44142 0052
   LP44143 0052
   LP44144 0052
   LP44145 0052
   LP44146 0052
   LP44147 0053

 Swartz, Donald P.
   MP26905 0085

 Sweet charity.
   LP44399 0059

 Swimmer.
   MP26710 0080

 Swimming rescues.
   MP26847 0083

 The Swindler.
   MU9379 0095

 Swing out, sweet land.
   MP26755 0081

 Swiss cheese family Robinson.
   R595127 0096

 Switched.
   MU9255 0093

 Sword or plowshare.
   MP26386 0071
   MP26387 0071

 The swordsman.
   R595026 0096

 Sylvaine, Vernon.
   LF214 0047

 Symphony Films, Inc.
   R598928 0099

 Synthesis of neuroanatomy 1.
   MU9311 0094

 Synthesis of neuroanatomy 2.
   MU9310 0094

 The System development process.
   MP26548 0075

 Systems installation: relationship to other phases of the engagement.
   MP26215 0066

 Systems test, conversion and follow-up.
   MP26214 0066

 S-8 logger.
   MP27006 0088

 S-8 pay logger.
   MP27006 0088

 .sp 2
 Tainted lady.
   LP43997 0048

 Taiwan.
   MP26484 0073

 Take joy!
   MP26343 0069

 The Takers.
   LP44423 0060

 Taking it easy.
   LP44362 0058

 Taking our bodies back: The Women’s health movement.
   MP26551 0075

 Talent Associates.
   LP44158 0053

 A Tale of Till.
   MP26850 0083

 Talker.
   MU9335 0094

 Tallahassee. Police Department.
   MP26895 0084
   MP26896 0084
   MP26897 0084
   MP26898 0084

 Tall, dark and gruesome.
   R604922 0104

 Tandem Productions.
   LP44046 0050
   LP44047 0050

 Tandem Productions, Inc.
   LP44090 0051
   LP44091 0051
   LP44092 0051
   LP44093 0051
   LP44094 0051
   LP44095 0051
   LP44096 0051
   LP44097 0051
   LP44098 0051
   LP44099 0051
   LP44100 0051
   LP44104 0051
   LP44105 0051
   LP44106 0051
   LP44107 0052
   LP44108 0052
   LP44109 0052
   LP44110 0052
   LP44111 0052
   LP44112 0052
   LP44113 0052
   LP44114 0052
   LP44115 0052
   LP44116 0052
   LP44117 0052
   LP44118 0052
   LP44119 0052
   LP44120 0052
   LP44121 0052
   LP44151 0053
   LP44152 0053
   LP44153 0053
   LP44160 0053
   LP44161 0053
   LP44162 0053
   LP44217 0054
   LP44218 0054
   LP44219 0054
   LP44220 0054
   LP44221 0054
   LP44222 0054
   LP44223 0054
   LP44224 0054
   LP44225 0054
   LP44332 0058
   LP44333 0058
   LP44334 0058
   LP44341 0058
   LP44342 0058
   LP44344 0058
   LP44345 0058
   LP44350 0058
   LP44351 0058
   LP44352 0058
   LP44353 0058
   LP44354 0058
   LP44355 0058
   LP44356 0058
   LP44357 0058
   LP44358 0058
   LP44359 0058
   LP44413 0060
   LP44414 0060
   LP44415 0060
   LP44416 0060
   LP44529 0062
   LP44530 0062
   LP44531 0062
   LP44532 0062
   LP44533 0062
   LP44534 0062
   LP44535 0062

 Target in the mirror.
   LP44500 0062

 Tarlow, Idell.
   SEE Royere, Idell Tarlow.

 Tarzan and the huntress.
   R595504 0098

 Tarzan and the mermaids.
   R603243 0102

 Tashjian, Leslie Louise.
   MU9381 0095

 The Taste of ashes.
   LP44171 0053

 T.A.T. Communications Company.
   LP44385 0059
   LP44386 0059
   LP44387 0059
   LP44388 0059
   LP44389 0059
   LP44390 0059
   LP44391 0059
   LP44536 0062
   LP44537 0062
   LP44538 0063

 Taxes 75, Albert, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26533 0075

 Taxes 75, Alice, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26537 0075

 Taxes 75, Barbara, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26538 0075

 Taxes 75, Bob, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26534 0075

 Taxes 75, Carl, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26535 0075

 Taxes 75, Carmen, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26539 0075

 Taxes 75, David, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26536 0075

 Taxes 75, Doris, Beneficial Finance Company.
   MP26540 0075

 The Taxi caper.
   LP44530 0062

 Taylor-Laughlin Distribution Company.
   LP44048 0050

 T.B. or not T.B.
   LP44046 0050

 TD-7E and 100E bullgrader loader.
   MP26998 0088

 TD-7E bullgrader and 100E loader.
   MP26998 0088

 TD-8E and 125 bullgrader loader.
   MP26997 0088

 TD-8E bullgrader and 125E loader.
   MP26997 0088

 The Teachers’ crisis.
   R599202 0100

 Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation.
   SEE A-V Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.

 Technique of titration.
   MP26124 0064

 Techniques of titration.
   MP26124 0064

 Teddy Roosevelt: the right man at the right time.
   LP44326 0057

 Teeth are good things to have.
   MP26258 0067

 Tel-A-Train, Inc.
   MP26137 0064
   MP26251 0067
   MP26252 0067

 Teleketics.
   LP44196 0054
   LP44197 0054
   LP44198 0054
   MP26111 0064
   MP26112 0064
   MP26839 0083
   MP26927 0085

 Tele-Pac, Inc.
   R598985 0100
   R598986 0100
   R598987 0100
   R598988 0100

 Teleprocessing concepts.
   MP26856 0083

 Teleprocessing programming considerations.
   MP26855 0083

 The Telethon.
   LP44220 0054

 Televisa Mexico.
   LP44336 0058

 Temperature, energy and thermal equilibrium.
   MP26188 0066

 The Tempero-mandibular joints.
   MU9338 0094

 Templar Productions, Inc.
   MP26647 0078

 Teo Cruz versus Carlos Ortiz for the World Lightweight Title, Santo
    Domingo, June 20, 1968.
   MP26616 0077

 TEP Group. Marketing Services Department.
   MP26204 0066

 Tepley, Lee.
   MP26249 0067
   MP26300 0068
   MP26324 0069

 Terror on Grant Avenue.
   LP44169 0053

 Terrot, Charles.
   LF242 0047

 Terry-Toons, Inc.
   R595125 0096
   R595126 0096
   R595127 0096
   R595128 0096

 Tex Granger, episode no. 12.
   R595299 0097

 Tex Granger, episode no. 14.
   R595300 0097

 Tex Granger, episode no. 2.
   R595295 0096

 Tex Granger, episode no. 3.
   R595296 0097

 Tex Granger, episode no. 4.
   R604919 0104

 Tex Granger, episode no. 5.
   R595297 0097

 Tex Granger, episode no. 8.
   R595298 0097

 Tex Williams and his Western Caravan.
   R595482 0098

 Thames Television Series.
   LF209 0047

 That certain summer.
   LP44050 0050

 That swinging city.
   LF252 0048

 That’s your funeral.
   LF231 0047

 That was no lady.
   LP44524 0062

 That which survives.
   LP44368 0058

 Thelma’s scholarship.
   LP44534 0062

 Thelma’s young man.
   LP44094 0051

 The Theosophical Society in America.
   MP26255 0067

 Thermal insulation.
   MP26284 0068

 They call him Ah Kung.
   MP26485 0073

 They only come out at night.
   LP44335 0058

 They’re a weird mob.
   LF225 0047

 They shall not pass.
   MP27074 0089

 A Thief in the night.
   MP26864 0084

 The Thief of Bagdad.
   LP43990 0048

 Things to share.
   MP26750 0081

 Third World Cinema Productions, Inc.
   LP44061 0050

 Thirteen lead soldiers.
   R608163 0105

 The Thirty year pin.
   LP44425 0060

 This Britain: heritage of the sea.
   MP26311 0069

 This is New Orleans.
   MP26211 0066

 This was a woman.
   LF259 0048

 The Tholian web.
   LP44382 0059

 Thompson (Francis) Inc.
   MP26648 0078

 Thompson (J. Walter) Company.
   MP26826 0083
   MP26827 0083
   MP26828 0083
   MP26829 0083
   MP26830 0083
   MP26831 0083
   MP26832 0083
   MP26833 0083
   MP26834 0083
   MP26835 0083
   MP26836 0083
   MP26837 0083

 Thompson, Rod.
   MP26759 0081

 Thorax.
   MP26916 0085

 Threat or opportunity?
   MP26805 0082

 Three daring daughters.
   R596216 0098

 Three for breakfast.
   R596656 0098

 Three girls revised.
   MU9206 0092

 Three island women.
   MP26479 0073

 Three on a ticket.
   R599514 0100

 Three on a tightrope.
   LP43999 0049

 Three times more.
   MU9374 0095

 Threshold of life.
   MP26563 0075

 Thrills of music.
   R604926 0104
   R604932 0104

 Thumbs down (hitchhiking).
   MP26090 0063

 Thunderbolt.
   R596350 0098

 Tiki.
   MP26138 0064

 Till death do us part.
   LP44104 0051
   LP44217 0054
   LP44219 0054
   LP44223 0054
   LP44224 0054
   LP44225 0054
   LP44332 0058
   LP44333 0058
   LP44334 0058
   LP44341 0058
   LP44342 0058
   LP44344 0058
   LP44345 0058
   LP44529 0062
   LP44530 0062
   LP44531 0062

 Time dilation.
   MP26721 0080

 Time, Inc.
   R599200 0100
   R599201 0100
   R599202 0100
   R599203 0100
   R599204 0100
   R599205 0100
   R599206 0100
   R599207 0100
   R599208 0100
   R599209 0100
   R599210 0100
   R605255 0104
   R605256 0104

 Timelock.
   LP44422 0060

 Time out of mind.
   R595469 0097

 Tire Industry Safety Council.
   MP26812 0082

 Titan.
   LF219 0047

 Titan International Pictures, Ltd.
   LF252 0048

 T-men.
   R603568 0102

 T-men in action.
   R599209 0100

 To catch a dead man.
   LP44479 0061

 To Denise, with love and murder.
   LP44468 0061

 Together brothers.
   LP44013 0049

 Tommy Burns versus Jack O’Brien for the Heavyweight Championship of the
    World, Los Angeles, California, November 28, 1906.
   MP26623 0077

 The Tool users.
   MP26909 0085

 Too many winners.
   R599777 0100

 Too old blues.
   LP44415 0060

 Topographic anatomy of the head and neck.
   MU9299 0094
   MU9303 0094

 Topographic anatomy of the lower extremity.
   MU9190 0091
   MU9297 0094

 Topographic anatomy of the upper extremity. Pt. 1: Topography of
    shoulder, axilla, arm and elbow.
   MU9201 0092

 Topography of forearm, wrist and hand.
   MU9203 0092

 Topography of shoulder, axilla, arm and elbow.
   MU9201 0092

 Topsy Turkey.
   R604900 0103

 Topsy turvy house.
   MP26690 0079

 To ride a tiger.
   LP44510 0062

 To the ends of earth.
   R604903 0103

 To the victor.
   R604663 0103

 Tough.
   LP44039 0050

 Tourtellotte, Mark Erickson.
   MU9248 0093

 The Tower.
   LP44088 0051

 Tower beyond tragedy.
   LP44429 0060

 The Towering inferno.
   LP44088 0051

 The Town.
   LP44278 0056

 Toy shop.
   MP27075 0089

 TPC Clio Awards Joint Venture.
   MU9183 0091

 TPC—Jamboree Joint Venture.
   MU9194 0091

 Trachtenberg, Leo.
   MP26450 0073

 Trail of the serpent.
   LP44439 0060

 Transactional analysis.
   MP26166 0065

 Transparent animals.
   MP26192 0066

 Trapped by Boston Blackie.
   R604920 0104

 Travelers Insurance Companies.
   SEE Travelers Insurance Company.

 The Travelers Insurance Company.
   MP26708 0079
   MP26709 0079

 Travelers Insurance Company. Marketing Services. Corporate Audiovisual
    Studio.
   MP26709 0079

 Travelers Insurance Company. Marketing Services Department. Corporate
    Audiovisual Center.
   MP26708 0079

 The Treasure chest murders.
   LP44205 0054

 The Treasure of the Sierra Madre.
   R597863 0099

 Trial by fury.
   LP44280 0056

 Trial by terror.
   LP44495 0062

 The Trial of Billy Jack.
   LP44048 0050

 Trial run for death.
   LP44461 0061

 Triangle of conflict: China, Russia, and the United States.
   MP26242 0067

 Triangle of terror.
   LP44488 0062

 Triangle Productions, Inc.
   R606055 0104

 Triple beam balance.
   MP26126 0064

 Trip to Sportland.
   R597865 0099

 Tristan, David Stuart.
   MP26711 0080

 A Trout in the milk.
   LP44419 0060

 Truck Turner.
   LP44134 0052

 Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior University.
   SEE Stanford University. Trustees of Leland Stanford Junior
      University.

 Trustees of Trust under Will of Mark J. Hellinger.
   R601536 0102

 Try it.
   MU9259 0093

 Tuesday movie of the week.
   LP44051 0050
   LP44052 0050
   LP44055 0050
   LP44057 0050

 Le Tueur.
   LF227 0047

 Tuning in.
   MP27065 0089

 Turkey’s 100 million.
   R599207 0100

 Turner, William.
   LP44409 0060

 The TV commercial.
   LP44413 0060

 Twentieth Century-Fox.
   LP44412 0060

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
   LF227 0047
   LF259 0048
   LP44007 0049
   LP44011 0049
   LP44012 0049
   LP44013 0049
   LP44036 0050
   LP44061 0050
   LP44087 0051
   LP44088 0051
   LP44155 0053
   LP44159 0053
   LP44215 0054
   LP44216 0054
   LP44319 0057
   R594654 0096
   R594655 0096
   R596841 0098
   R596842 0098
   R596643 0098
   R600139 0101
   R600140 0101
   R600141 0101
   R600142 0101
   R600143 0101
   R601501 0101
   R601502 0102
   R601503 0102
   R606495 0105
   R607170 0105
   R607171 0105
   R608163 0105
   R608164 0105
   R608165 0105
   R608166 0105
   R608167 0105

 Twenty million alibis.
   LP44466 0061

 Two Cities Films, Ltd.
   R598713 0099
   R598718 0099
   R605048 0104
   R605051 0104

 Two factories: Japanese—American.
   LP44246 0055

 Two families: African—American.
   LP44247 0055

 Two Gees.
   LP44132 0052

 Two gophers from Texas.
   R595465 0097

 Two hundred large.
   LP44167 0053

 Two nuts in a rut.
   R604902 0103

 Two on a bench.
   LP44156 0053

 Tycoon.
   R595425 0097

 .sp 2
 Unanswered question.
   MP26937 0086
   MP26938 0086

 The Underdog.
   MP27081 0090

 Understanding instructions.
   MP26886 0084

 Understanding the pill.
   MP26775 0081

 The Unicorn.
   LP44440 0061

 Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. Ministry of Agriculture.
   MP26469 0073
   MP26470 0073

 Union Pacific Railroad.
   MP26257 0067

 Union Pacific Railroad. Safety Department.
   MP26257 0067

 Unit.
   LP44226 0055

 United Artists Corporation.
   LP44016 0049
   LP44037 0050
   LP44038 0050
   LP44064 0050
   LP44210 0054
   LP44233 0055
   LP44234 0055
   LP44329 0057
   LP44330 0057
   LP44360 0058
   LP44361 0058

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   R595447 0097
   R595448 0097
   R595449 0097
   R595450 0097
   R595451 0097
   R595452 0097
   R595453 0097
   R595454 0097
   R595455 0097
   R595456 0097
   R595457 0097
   R595458 0097
   R595459 0097
   R595460 0097
   R595461 0097
   R595462 0097
   R595463 0097
   R595464 0097
   R595465 0097
   R595466 0097
   R595467 0097
   R595468 0097
   R597862 0099
   R597863 0099
   R597864 0099
   R597865 0099
   R600393 0101
   R600394 0101
   R600395 0101
   R600396 0101
   R600397 0101
   R602706 0102
   R602707 0102
   R602708 0102
   R602709 0102
   R602710 0102
   R602711 0102
   R602712 0102
   R602713 0102
   R602714 0102
   R604663 0103
   R604664 0103
   R604665 0103
   R604666 0103
   R607176 0105
   R607177 0105
   R607178 0105

 United Brands Company.
   R595821 0098
   R595822 0098
   R595823 0098
   R595824 0098

 United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
   LP44195 0054

 United States Capitol Historical Society.
   MP26648 0078

 United States Catholic Conference. Division for Film and Broadcasting.
   MP26808 0082

 United States. Department of the Interior. National Park Service.
   MP26648 0078

 United States. Environmental Protection Agency.
   MP26103 0063

 United States in need of a miracle.
   MP26794 0082

 The United States in the twentieth century: 1900 – 1912.
   MP26373 0070

 The United States in the twentieth century: 1912 – 1920.
   MP26374 0070

 United States Pictures, Inc.
   R598784 0099

 Universal.
   LP44022 0049
   LP44023 0049
   LP44024 0049
   LP44025 0049
   LP44026 0049
   LP44027 0049
   LP44028 0049
   LP44029 0049
   LP44030 0049
   LP44031 0050
   LP44032 0050
   LP44033 0050
   LP44034 0050
   LP44288 0056
   LP44289 0056
   LP44290 0056
   LP44291 0056
   LP44292 0056
   LP44293 0056
   LP44294 0056
   LP44295 0057
   LP44296 0057
   LP44297 0057
   LP44298 0057
   LP44299 0057
   LP44300 0057
   LP44301 0057
   LP44302 0057
   LP44303 0057
   LP44304 0057
   LP44305 0057
   LP44306 0057
   LP44307 0057
   LP44308 0057
   LP44309 0057

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   LP44017 0049
   LP44018 0049
   LP44019 0049
   LP44022 0049
   LP44023 0049
   LP44024 0049
   LP44025 0049
   LP44026 0049
   LP44027 0049
   LP44028 0049
   LP44029 0049
   LP44030 0049
   LP44031 0050
   LP44032 0050
   LP44033 0050
   LP44034 0050
   LP44050 0050
   LP44051 0050
   LP44052 0050
   LP44053 0050
   LP44054 0050
   LP44055 0050
   LP44056 0050
   LP44057 0050
   LP44058 0050
   LP44059 0050
   LP44156 0053
   LP44157 0053
   LP44158 0053
   LP44236 0055
   LP44237 0055
   LP44337 0058

 Universal City Studios, Inc. EMKA.
   R603239 0102
   R603240 0102
   R603241 0102

 The Universal flame.
   MP26255 0067

 Universal international newsreel.
   R595470 0097
   R595471 0097
   R595472 0097
   R595473 0097
   R595474 0097
   R595475 0097
   R595476 0097
   R595477 0097
   R595478 0098

 Universal Pictures.
   LP44211 0054
   LP44238 0055
   LP44239 0055
   LP44252 0055
   R595469 0097
   R595470 0097
   R595471 0097
   R595472 0097
   R595473 0097
   R595474 0097
   R595475 0097
   R595476 0097
   R595477 0097
   R595478 0098
   R595479 0098
   R595480 0098
   R595481 0098
   R595482 0098
   R595483 0098
   R595484 0098
   R595485 0098
   R595486 0098

 Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
   R595249 0096
   R595469 0097
   R595470 0097
   R595471 0097
   R595472 0097
   R595473 0097
   R595474 0097
   R595475 0097
   R595476 0097
   R595477 0097
   R595478 0098
   R595479 0098
   R595480 0098
   R595481 0098
   R595482 0098
   R595483 0098
   R595484 0098
   R595485 0098
   R595486 0098
   R601536 0102
   R606039 0104

 Universal-Public Arts Productions.
   LP44235 0055

 Universal Studios.
   LP44362 0058
   LP44363 0058
   LP44364 0058
   LP44365 0058
   LP44366 0058
   LP44367 0058

 University of Iowa, Iowa City. College of Nursing.
   MP26703 0079

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
   MP26851 0083
   MP26852 0083

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Audio-Visual Education Center.
   MP26851 0083
   MP26852 0083

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Department of Electrical and
    Computer Engineering.
   MP26851 0083

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Department of Speech Communication
    and Theater.
   MP26907 0085

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Office of University Relations and
    Development.
   MP26852 0083

 Update clinical nursing.
   MP26704 0079

 The Upjohn Company.
   MP26857 0083

 The Upjohn Vanguard of Medicine.
   MP26857 0083

 Upper and lower distal extremities.
   MU9347 0095

 Up the girls!
   LU3680 0063

 Use of the triple beam balance.
   MP26126 0064

 User protection program (Hai Karate).
   MP26323 0069

 Using the Bunsen burner and working with glass.
   MP26125 0064

 .sp 2
 Vacation for a president.
   MP44291 0056

 Valley of the damned.
   LP44494 0062

 Value for money.
   LF216 0047

 Vanderbilt University, Nashville. School of Nursing.
   MP26726 0080

 Vanguard Films, Inc.
   R606687 0105

 Vaughn, Bruce.
   MP26557 0075

 Venture.
   LP44101 0051

 Venus as in flytrap.
   LP44453 0061

 Very young.
   MU9179 0091

 Viacom International, Inc.
   R595125 0096
   R595126 0096
   R595127 0096
   R595128 0096

 Un Viaje a Mexico.
   LP44145 0052

 Vic.
   LF215 0047

 Vice versa.
   R605051 0104

 The Victim.
   LP44051 0050

 The Victorian way (Of a man with a maid).
   LU3686 0063

 Video Communications Institute.
   MP26556 0075
   MP26557 0075

 The Video Works Corporation.
   MU9350 0095

 Vides-Film.
   LP44412 0060

 Vietnam: a plan for peace.
   MP26507 0074

 Vik-Winkle Productions, Inc.
   MP26205 0066

 The Villain pursues her.
   MP27056 0089

 Vincente Saldivar versus Howard Winstone for the Featherweight
    Championship of the World, Mexico City, Mexico, October 14, 1967.
   MP26621 0077

 Violation—entering a street from a private drive.
   MP26248 0067

 Viracocha.
   MP26822 0083

 Virgin Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF212 0047

 Virtual storage concepts.
   MP26853 0083

 The Virtuoso orchestra: a show-off concert.
   MP27141 0091

 Vision Associates, Inc.
   LP44082 0051

 Visions.
   LP44149 0053

 Visitors.
   MP26748 0080

 Visit to a chief’s son.
   LP44361 0058

 Vista Company.
   LP44340 0058
   LP44349 0058
   LP44409 0060

 A Visual guide to physical examination.
   MP26913 0085
   MP26914 0085
   MP26915 0085
   MP26916 0085
   MP26917 0085
   MP26918 0085
   MP26919 0085
   MP26920 0085
   MP26921 0085
   MP26922 0085
   MP26923 0085
   MP26924 0085
   MP26925 0085

 Vitaphone Corporation.
   R595449 0097
   R595450 0097
   R595451 0097
   R595452 0097
   R595453 0097
   R595454 0097
   R595455 0097
   R595456 0097
   R595457 0097
   R595458 0097
   R595459 0097
   R595460 0097
   R595461 0097
   R595462 0097
   R595463 0097
   R595464 0097
   R595465 0097
   R595466 0097
   R595467 0097
   R595468 0097
   R597407 0098
   R597408 0098
   R597409 0098
   R597410 0098
   R597865 0099
   R600393 0101
   R600394 0101
   R600395 0101
   R600396 0101
   R602709 0102
   R602710 0102
   R602711 0102
   R602712 0102
   R602713 0102
   R602714 0102
   R604665 0103
   R604666 0103
   R607178 0105

 Viva presenter.
   MP26836 0083

 Vivian’s party.
   LP44120 0052

 A Voice is born.
   R604894 0103

 Voice of Christmas.
   LP44202 0054

 Volume.
   MP26765 0081

 Volunteers against heart disease.
   MP26907 0085

 VSAM.
   MP26853 0083

 .sp 2
 Walker, Richard H.
   MP26889 0084

 A Walk up the hill.
   LP44076 0051

 Walter’s dream.
   LP44118 0052

 Walter’s ex.
   LP44161 0053

 Walter’s heart attack.
   LP44114 0052

 Walter’s problem.
   LP44091 0051
   LP44092 0051

 Wanger (Walter) Pictures, Inc.
   R606039 0104

 Warm current against a cold coast.
   MP26143 0064

 Warm current against cold coast.
   MP26143 0064

 Warner Brothers.
   LP44001 0049

 Warner Brothers, Inc.
   LP44002 0049
   LP44048 0050
   LP44049 0050
   LP44088 0051
   LP44101 0051
   LP44212 0054
   LP44320 0057
   MP26335 0069
   R595504 0098
   R597407 0098
   R597408 0098
   R597409 0098
   R597410 0098
   R599482 0100
   R600398 0101
   R603243 0102

 Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.
   R595447 0097
   R597862 0099
   R597863 0099
   R602707 0102
   R604663 0103
   R604664 0103
   R607176 0105
   R607177 0105

 Warner Brothers Television.
   LP44418 0060
   LP44419 0060
   LP44420 0060
   LP44421 0060
   LP44422 0060
   LP44423 0060
   LP44424 0060
   LP44425 0060
   LP44426 0060
   LP44427 0060
   LP44428 0060
   LP44429 0060
   LP44430 0060
   LP44431 0060
   LP44432 0060
   LP44433 0060
   LP44434 0060
   LP44435 0060
   LP44436 0060
   LP44437 0060
   LP44438 0060
   LP44439 0060
   LP44440 0061
   LP44441 0061
   LP44442 0061
   LP44443 0061
   LP44444 0061

 Washer and dryer delivery.
   MP26772 0081

 Washer/dryer delivery and installation.
   MP26772 0081

 Watch over.
   MP26830 0083

 Watch the birdie.
   LP44234 0055

 Water: why it is, what it is.
   MP27088 0090

 Wayne, John.
   MP26755 0081

 Weck (Edward) and Company. Inc.
   MP26236 0067
   MP26972 0087

 We did it for you.
   MP26250 0067

 Wednesday movie of the week.
   LP44056 0050

 Weekend.
   MP26906 0085

 Weimaraner.
   MU9389 0096

 Weimaraner Club of America.
   MU9389 0096

 Weir, Linda G.
   MP26250 0067

 Weisenborn (Gordon) Productions. Inc.
   MP26378 0070

 Welcome to Pepperland.
   LU3692 0063

 Welcome to the family of God.
   MU9302 0094

 Wellborn, Ltd.
   LP44330 0057

 A Well remembered terror.
   LP44497 0062

 We’re finding our way.
   LP44140 0052

 We’re not afraid anymore.
   MP26114 0064

 We’re still having a heat wave.
   LP44217 0054

 Werrenrath, Elizabeth I.
   MP26094 0063
   MP26095 0063
   MP26118 0064
   MP26119 0064

 West, Nathaniel.
   LP44328 0057

 Western heritage.
   R604560 0103

 Westfall Productions, Inc.
   LP44347 0058

 West of Sonora.
   R604913 0103

 Weston, Carolyn.
   LP44418 0060
   LP44419 0060
   LP44420 0060
   LP44421 0060
   LP44422 0060
   LP44423 0060
   LP44424 0060
   LP44425 0060
   LP44426 0060
   LP44427 0060
   LP44428 0060
   LP44429 0060
   LP44430 0060
   LP44431 0060
   LP44432 0060
   LP44433 0060
   LP44434 0060
   LP44435 0060
   LP44436 0060
   LP44437 0060
   LP44438 0060
   LP44439 0060
   LP44440 0061
   LP44441 0061
   LP44442 0061
   LP44443 0061
   LP44444 0061

 West to glory.
   R599774 0100

 The Westward trail.
   R606036 0104

 West Wind Productions, Inc.
   MP26140 0064
   MP26141 0064

 Wet culture rice.
   MP26481 0073

 We, the women.
   MP26685 0079

 Wexler Films.
   MP26904 0085

 Weyerhaeuser Company.
   MP26990 0087

 WGBH-Boston (Television station)
   MP26937 0086
   MP26938 0086

 What are squares and rectangles?
   MP26878 0084

 What are we doing to our children?
   MP26509 0074

 What is a circle?
   MP26310 0069

 What is a systems engagement?
   MP26221 0066

 What is a triangle?
   MP26877 0084

 What is force?
   MP26640 0078

 What is light?
   MP26286 0068

 What makes a Gershwin tune a Gershwin tune?
   MP27140 0091

 What makes Daffy Duck?
   R600394 0101

 What price fleadom.
   R600052 0101

 What’s a convention all about?
   MP27139 0091

 What’s an election all about?
   MP26683 0079

 What’s brewin’ Bruin?
   R595458 0097

 What’s Congress all about?
   MP26500 0074

 What’s hatchin’?
   R600395 0101

 What’s impeachment all about?
   MP26506 0074

 What’s inflation all about?
   MP26743 0080

 What’s Skylab all about?
   MP26688 0079

 What’s the energy crisis all about?
   MP26689 0079
   MP26737 0080

 What’s the Presidency all about?
   MP26684 0079

 What’s the Supreme Court all about?
   MP26505 0074

 What’s this election all about?
   MP26742 0080

 Wheat cycle.
   MP26471 0073

 The Wheel and crank.
   MP26270 0068

 When funnies were funny.
   MP27050 0089
   MP27051 0089
   MP27052 0089
   MP27053 0089
   MP27054 0089
   MP27055 0089
   MP27056 0089
   MP27057 0089
   MP27058 0089
   MP27059 0089
   MP27060 0089
   MP27061 0089
   MP27062 0089
   MP27063 0089
   MP27064 0089
   MP27065 0089
   MP27066 0089
   MP27067 0089
   MP27068 0089
   MP27069 0089
   MP27070 0089
   MP27071 0089
   MP27072 0089
   MP27073 0089
   MP27074 0089
   MP27075 0089
   MP27076 0089
   MP27077 0089
   MP27078 0089
   MP27079 0090
   MP27080 0090
   MP27081 0090
   MP27082 0090
   MP27083 0090
   MP27084 0090
   MP27085 0090

 When Hell froze over.
   MP27079 0090

 When the bough breaks.
   R598712 0099

 Where am I?
   MP27076 0089

 Where eye fashion becomes high fashion—A.
   MP26861 0084

 Where’s Archie?
   LP44108 0052

 Where’s Jennifer?
   LP44483 0061

 Where the waters run.
   MP26693 0079

 Where we stand.
   MP26675 0079

 Where we stand in Indochina.
   MP26245 0067

 Whirlwind raiders.
   R604918 0104

 The White seal.
   LP44231 0055

 Whittemore, L. H.
   LP44226 0055

 The Whittier Film Corporation.
   MP26866 0084

 Who am I behind the wheel?
   MP26486 0073

 Who mourns for Adonais?
   LP44256 0055

 Whose little boy are you?
   LP44431 0060

 Who’s who in the zoo?
   MP26175 0065

 Who, what, when, where, why.
   MP26242 0067
   MP26333 0069

 Widoff, Harrand.
   MP26647 0078

 Wigwam whoopee.
   R600397 0101

 Wild cricket countertop.
   MP26837 0083

 Wild Horse Mesa.
   R595422 0097

 Wild kingdom.
   MP26086 0063
   MP26105 0063
   MP26106 0063
   MP26230 0067
   MP26231 0067
   MP26232 0067
   MP26469 0073
   MP26732 0080

 The Wild places.
   LP43988 0048

 Wilkins, Vaughan.
   LF239 0047

 Williams, Don.
   LP44043 0050

 Williamson-Powell International Films (UK), Ltd.
   LF225 0047

 Willie Pastrano versus Terry Downs for the World Light Heavyweight
    Championship, Manchester, England, November 30, 1964.
   MP26948 0086

 Willie Pastrano versus Terry Downs, November 30, 1964, Manchester,
    England.
   MP26948 0086

 Willie Pep versus Fabala Chavez, November 19, 1952, Saint Louis,
    Missouri.
   MP26955 0086

 Willie Pep versus Fabala Chavez, Saint Louis, Missouri, November 19,
    1952.
   MP26955 0086

 The Willis Reed basketball series.
   MP26129 0064
   MP26130 0064
   MP26131 0064
   MP26132 0064

 Willis Reed: center play.
   MP26129 0064

 Will it happen again?
   R606245 0105

 Wilmer Opthalmological Institute continuing education program, Johns
    Hopkins.
   MU9208 0092

 Wilson, A.
   SEE Wilson, Alan B.

 Wilson, Alan B.
   MP26460 0073

 The Wind and the lion.
   LP44410 0060

 Wind at work.
   MP26278 0068

 The Windfall.
   LP44358 0058

 Wine, women and war.
   LP44017 0049

 Wings within.
   LP44070 0051

 Winkler, Irwin.
   LP44087 0051

 Wink of any eye.
   LP44383 0059

 Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, too.
   LP44062 0050

 The Winning ticket is a loser.
   LP44308 0057

 Winter meeting.
   R604664 0103

 Winter wonderland.
   R599773 0100

 Wire sculpture.
   MP26376 0070

 Wiring diagram orientation.
   MP26736 0080

 Wiseman, Frederick.
   MP26777 0081
   MP26778 0081

 The Wise Owl Club of the National Society for the Prevention of
    Blindness.
   SEE National Society for the Prevention of Blindness. Wise Owl Club.

 The Wizard.
   LP44407 0060

 Wolf in the fold.
   LP44260 0056

 The Wolf’s pardon.
   R595126 0096

 Wolper Productions.
   LP44089 0051
   MP26311 0069

 Wolper Productions, Inc.
   LP44163 0053
   LP44164 0053
   LP44165 0053

 Wolper Productions, Inc., a Metromedia company.
   SEE Wolper Productions, Inc.

 A Woman by the seaside.
   LF260 0048

 Woman candidate.
   MP26099 0063

 The Woman for Joe.
   LF243 0048

 The Woman from Tangier.
   R595032 0096

 Woman in the hall.
   R605049 0104

 Woman in the shadows.
   LP44445 0061

 Woman in white.
   R607176 0105

 Woman is.
   MP26926 0085

 A Women for Joe.
   LF243 0048

 Women in a changing world.
   MP26903 0085

 Women in management: threat or opportunity?
   MP26805 0082

 Women’s basketball.
   MP26234 0067
   MP26235 0067

 The Women’s health movement.
   MP26551 0075

 The Wonderful world of sound.
   MP26557 0075

 The Wooden horse caper.
   LP44299 0057

 Woodward Academy, College Park, GA.
   MU9247 0093

 Woody the giant killer.
   R595486 0098

 Woolrich, Cornell.
   LP44053 0050
   R600927 0101

 Woo Who? May Wilson.
   MP26120 0064

 Word processing.
   MU9308 0094

 Word Processing Innovators, Inc.
   MU9308 0094

 Workers who come to our house.
   MP26692 0079

 The World at their feet.
   LF218 0047

 World lines.
   MP26719 0080

 The World of sports.
   R604929 0104

 World premiere.
   LP44157 0053
   LP44158 0053
   LP44235 0055
   LP44236 0055
   LP44237 0055

 Worldwide Church of God. Ambassador College, Pasadena.
   MP26246 0067
   MP26247 0067

 Worldwide Church of God, Pasadena.
   MP26247 0067
   MP26793 0082
   MP26794 0082
   MP26795 0082
   MP26796 0082
   MP26797 0082
   MP26798 0082
   MP26799 0082
   MP26800 0082
   MP26801 0082

 Worldwide Entertainment Corporation.
   LP44078 0051

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   MP26096 0063
   MP26144 0064
   MP26145 0064
   MP26146 0064
   MP26147 0064
   MP26148 0065
   MP26149 0065
   MP26150 0065
   MP26151 0065
   MP26697 0079
   MP26698 0079

 Worth (Marvin) Productions.
   LP44016 0049

 Wouldn’t hurt a thigh.
   MP26829 0083

 Wrather, J. D., Jr.
   R600927 0101

 The Wreck of the Hesperus.
   R604908 0103

 Wren Associates, Inc.
   MU9382 0095

 Wunderlich, Renner.
   MP26551 0075

 W. W. and the Dixie Dancekings.
   LP44319 0057

 WWVA (Television station)
   MU9194 0091

 Wyndham, John.
   LF217 0047

 Wyoming Diversified Enterprises.
   LP44003 0049

 .sp 2
 X-chain reaction football.
   MP26813 0082

 Xerox Corporation.
   LP44310 0057
   LP44311 0057
   LP44312 0057
   LP44313 0057
   LP44314 0057
   LP44315 0057
   LP44316 0057
   LP44317 0057
   LP44539 0063
   LP44540 0063
   LP44541 0063

 Xerox Films.
   LP44310 0057
   LP44311 0057
   LP44312 0057
   LP44313 0057
   LP44314 0057
   LP44315 0057
   LP44316 0057
   LP44317 0057

 The X factor.
   MP26712 0080

 .sp 2
 Yag diamonds.
   MP26313 0069

 The Yagua.
   LP44067 0050

 Yankee fakir.
   R599772 0100

 Yarway Corporation.
   MU9309 0094

 The Yazuka.
   LP44212 0054

 The Year of the locusts.
   LP44420 0060

 Yea, yea, yea.
   LF219 0047

 Yekl.
   LP44040 0050

 A Yiddish lesson.
   LU3691 0063

 Yongestreet Productions, Inc.
   MP26755 0081

 You and the commercial.
   MP26566 0075

 You can’t put the future on hold.
   MU9382 0095

 You can’t win.
   R605225 0104

 You gotta work the territory.
   MP26559 0075

 You’ll get yours when you’re 65.
   MP26682 0079

 You’ll never see me again.
   LP44053 0050

 Young, Kendal.
   LF261 0048

 Young, William G.
   MP26108 0064

 Young and Rubicam International, Inc.
   MP26258 0067

 Young Frankenstein.
   LP44007 0049

 Your doctors—1947.
   R599205 0100

 You’re in charge?
   LP44402 0059

 Your time investment with each prospect.
   MP26589 0076

 Yon were meant for me.
   R596841 0098

 .sp 2
 Zacharias, James L.
   LU3685 0063

 Ziff-Davis Publishing Company.
   MP26110 0064
   MP26166 0065
   MP26167 0065
   MP26168 0065
   MP26319 0069
   MP26805 0082

 Zipporah Films.
   MP26777 0081

 Zipporah Films, Inc.
   MP26778 0081

 The Zygoma and zygomatic arches.
   MU9337 0094

 .sp 2
 2nd city seen.

 25th Century Ensemble.
   MP26113 0064

 3P Productions.
   LP44079 0051

 The 34th star.
   MP26663 0078

 $35 will fly you to the moon.
   LP44294 0056

 50/60 shredders.
   MP26294 0068

 60 minutes.
   MP26154 0065
   MP26155 0065
   MP26156 0065
   MP26241 0067
   MP26382 0071
   MP26383 0071
   MP26384 0071
   MP26385 0071
   MP26388 0071
   MP26389 0071
   MP26390 0071
   MP26391 0071
   MP26392 0071
   MP26393 0071
   MP26394 0071
   MP26395 0071
   MP26396 0071
   MP26397 0071
   MP26398 0071
   MP26399 0071
   MP26400 0071
   MP26401 0071
   MP26402 0071
   MP26403 0071
   MP26404 0071
   MP26405 0071
   MP26406 0071
   MP26407 0071
   MP26408 0071
   MP26409 0071
   MP26410 0071
   MP26516 0074
   MP26517 0074
   MP26518 0074
   MP26519 0074
   MP26520 0074
   MP26521 0074
   MP26522 0074
   MP26523 0074
   MP26524 0074
   MP26525 0074
   MP26526 0074
   MP26527 0074
   MP26528 0075
   MP26529 0075
   MP26530 0075
   MP26531 0075
   MP26584 0076
   MP26585 0076
   MP26586 0076
   MP26587 0076
   MP26588 0076
   MP26668 0078
   MP26669 0078
   MP26670 0079
   MP26671 0079
   MP26672 0079
   MP26679 0079
   MP26686 0079
   MP26687 0079
   MP26739 0080
   MP26787 0082
   MP26788 0082
   MP26789 0082
   MP26790 0082
   MP26791 0082
   MP26792 0082
   MP26891 0084
   MP26892 0084
   MP26893 0084
   MP26894 0084
   MP27142 0091

 60 second spot: The Making of a television commercial.
   MP26302 0068

 70/100 hydrostatic tractors.
   MP26295 0068

 76 Chevrolet merchandising materials.
   MP26838 0083

 95 cotton stripper.
   MP27000 0088

 .sp 2
 140 plow.
   MP27007 0088

 241 big roll baler.
   MP27008 0088

 490 disk.
   MP27010 0088

 490 disk harrow.
   MP27010 0088

 500E bullgrader and loader.
   MP26999 0088

 760 disk harrow.
   MP26293 0068

 .sp 2
 1974 Clio awards television special.
   MU9183 0091

 1975 Astre versus competition.
   MP26169 0065

 1975 Astre versus the competition.
   MP26169 0065

 1975 Coronet and Fury versus Torino and Chevelle.
   MP26202 0066

 1975 Dart Sport, Nova, Maverick comparison.
   MP26163 0065

 1975 Dart versus Nova and Maverick.
   MP26163 0065

 1975 Dodge Sportsman. The Ins and outs of value.
   MP26198 0066

 1975 Dodge Sportsman. The Ins and outs to value.
   MP26198 0066

 1975 Dodge station wagon comparison.
   MP26165 0065

 1975 Duster and Valiant versus Nova and Maverick.
   MP26164 0065

 1975 Duster, Nova, Maverick comparison.
   MP26164 0065

 1975 maximum mileage system (all things considered)
   MP26104 0063

 1975 model pendulum and barrier tests.
   MP27089 0090

 1975 Oldsmobile station wagons.
   MP26173 0065

 1975 Oldsmobile “98” sedans.
   MP27090 0090

 1975 Plymouth Voyager. The Ins and outs to value.
   MP26196 0066

 1975 Pontiacs versus Chevrolet, Oldsmobile and Buick.
   MP26170 0065

 1975 Pontiac versus Chevrolet, Oldsmobile and Buick.
   MP26170 0065

 1975 Pontiac versus Ford Motor Company.
   MP26172 0065

 1975 Ramcharger.
   MP26195 0066

 1975 Trail Duster.
   MP26197 0066

 1975 Val. Brougham and Dart S.E. versus Granada and Nova LN.
   MP26200 0066

 1975 Valiant, Duster and Dart versus Nova and Maverick.
   MP26201 0066

 1975 Ventura versus competition.
   MP26171 0065

 1975 Ventura versus the competition.
   MP26171 0065

 2400B landscaping.
   MP27003 0088

 2400B landscaping tractor.
   MP27003 0088

 2400B mowing.
   MP27002 0088

 2500B backhoe loader.
   MP27001 0088

 3600A / 3820A backhoe / loaders.
   MP27005 0088

 3964 excavator.
   MP27004 0088




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


                                   LF


LF209.

Bless this house. Peter Rogers Productions, Ltd. & G.T. Productions,
Ltd. Released by Rank Organisation. England. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the Thames Television Series. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.;
22Jul73 (in notice: 1972); LF209.


LF210.

Father dear father. Sedgemoor Productions, Ltd. & M.M. Film Productions,
Ltd. England. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Sedgemoor Productions, Ltd.
& M.M. Film Productions, Ltd.; 27May73 (in notice: 1972); LF210.


LF211.

Please sir! L.W.I. Productions & Leslie Grade, Ltd. Released by Rank
Organisation. England. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © L.W.I.
Productions; 9Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LF211.


LF212.

Rentadick. Virgin Film Productions, Ltd. in association with David
Paradine Films, Ltd. Released by Rank Organisation. England. 94 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Virgin Film Productions, Ltd.; 1Jun72; LF212.


LF213.

Forbidden cargo. London Independent Producers, Ltd. Released by J.
Arthur Rank Organisation. England. 86 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © London
Independent Producers, Ltd.; 31May54; LF213.


LF214.

As long as they’re happy. Group Film Productions, Ltd. England. 91 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the play by Vernon Sylvaine. © Group Film
Productions, Ltd.; 11Apr55; LF214.

LF215.

Something money can’t buy. J. Arthur Rank Organisation presents a Vic
film. Distributed by General Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 83 min.,
sd, b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au: British Film Makers, Ltd. © British Film
Makers, Ltd.; 4Aug52; LF215.


LF216.

Value for money. Group Film Productions, Ltd. Released by J. Arthur Rank
Organisation. England. 92 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the novel by
Derrick Boothroyd. © Group Film Productions, Ltd.; 19Sep55; LF216.


LF217.

Quest for love. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. Released by Rank
Organisation. England. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the short story
Random quest, by John Wyndham. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 19Sep71;
LF217.


LF218.

The World at their feet. Lewis Rank Post Productions, Ltd. Released by
the Rank Organisation. England. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Lewis Rank
Post Productions, Ltd.; 7Feb71 (in notice: 1970); LF218.


LF219.

Press for time. A Titan film. Released by the Rank Organisation.
England. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book Yea, yea, yea,
by Angus McGill. Appl. au: Ivy Productions, Ltd. © Ivy Productions,
Ltd.; 30Dec66; LF219.


LF220.

Romeo and Juliet. Poetic Films, Inc. Produced in association with Royal
Opera House, Covent Garden, Ltd. Made by Paul Czinner. Released by Avco
Embassy Pictures. United Kingdom. 126 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Poetic
Films, Ltd.; 7Jul66; LF220.


LF221.

Carry on up the jungle. Adder Productions, Ltd. & Ethiro Productions,
Ltd. Released by The Rank Organisation. England. 90 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 30Aug70; LF221.


LF222.

Carry on loving. Peter Rogers Productions, Ltd. & G.T. Productions, Ltd.
England. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.;
3Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LF222.


LF223.

Doctor in clover. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
Distributed by The Rank Organisation, Film Distribution Division.
England. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Richard Gordon.
© The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 3Apr66; LF223.


LF224.

The Magnificent two. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
England. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story by Michael
Pertwee. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 6Aug67; LF224.


LF225.

They’re a weird mob. Williamson-Powell International Films (UK), Ltd.
Released by The Rank Organisation. England. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
From the book by Nino Culotta. © Williamson-Powell International Films
(UK), Ltd.; 4Nov66; LF225.


LF226.

All cops are? Peter Rogers Productions, Ltd. Released by The Rank
Organisation. England. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add. ti: All coppers
are? © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 21May72 (in notice: 1971); LF226.


LF227.

Meet me at dawn. Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd. Distributed by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. England. 99 min., sd., b & w, 35
mm. Based on a film story, Le Tueur, by Marcel Achard & Anatole Litvak.
© Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd.; 17Feb47; LF227.


LF228.

Murder on the Orient Express. EMI Film Distributors, Ltd. Made by G. W.
Films, Ltd. Released by Paramount Pictures. England. 128 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. From the book by Agatha Christie. © EMI Film Distributors,
Ltd.; 20Nov74; LF228.


LF229.

Carry on abroad. Peter Rogers Productions, Ltd. & G.T. Productions, Ltd.
Released by The Rank Organisation. England. 89 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm.
© Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 31Dec72; LF229.


LF230.

Carve her name with pride. Keyboard Productions, Ltd. Released by Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 119 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on
the book by R. J. Minney. © Keyboard Productions, Ltd.; 31Mar58; LF230.


LF231.

That’s your funeral. Hammer Film Productions, Ltd. Distributed by Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 82 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Hammer
Film Productions, Ltd.; 6Jan74 (in notice: 1972); LF231.


LF232.

The Battle of the River Platt. Arcturus Productions, Ltd. Released by J.
Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 119 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Add. ti: The Battle of the River Plate, © Arcturus Productions,
Ltd.; 24Dec56; LF232.


LF233.

High tide at noon. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 111 min., sd., b & w,
35 mm. Based on the novel by Elisabeth Ogilvie. © The Rank Organisation
Film Productions, Ltd.; 24Apr57; LF233.


LF234.

Checkpoint. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by J.
Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 83 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 14Jan57 (in notice:
1956); LF234.


LF235.

Hell drivers. Aqua Film. Released by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors,
Ltd. England. 84 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. From the short story by John
Kraus. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 26Aug57; LF235.


LF236.

Campbell’s Kingdom. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
Released by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 80 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Hammond Innes. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 7Oct57; LF236.


LF237.

The Black tent. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by
J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 93 min., sd., color, 35
mm. From a story by Robin Maugham. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 9Apr56; LF237.


LF238.

Robbery under arms. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
Released by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 100 min., sd., color,
35 mm. From the novel by Rolf Boldrewood. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 4Nov57; LF238.


LF239.

Dangerous exile. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
From the novel, A King reluctant, by Vaughan Wilkins. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 13Jan58 (in notice: 1957); LF239.


LF240.

Nor the moon by night. I.F.P., Ltd. Released by Rank Film Distributors,
Ltd. England. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Joy Packer.
© I.F.P., Ltd.; 1Sep58; LF240.


LF241.

Miracle in Soho. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 98 min., sd., color,
35 mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 5Aug57; LF241.


LF242.

An Alligator named Daisy. Group Film Productions, Ltd. Released by J.
Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 88 min., sd., color, 35
mm., VistaVision. Based on the novel by Charles Terrot. © Group Film
Productions, Ltd.; 19Dec55; LF242.


LF243.

The Woman for Joe. Group Film Productions, Ltd. Released by J. Arthur
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
VistaVision. Add. ti: A Women for Joe. © Group Film Productions, Ltd.;
26Sep55; LF243.


LF244.

The Seekers. Fanfare. Distributed by General Film Distributors, Ltd.
England. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Group Film Productions,
Ltd. © Group Film Productions, Ltd.; 6Sep54; LF244.


LF245.

Made in heaven. Fanfare. Distributed by General Film Distributors, Ltd.
England. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: British Film Makers, Ltd.
© British Film Makers, Ltd.; 22Dec52; LF245.


LF246.

The Belstone Fox. Independent Artists, Ltd. Released by Fox-Rank
Distributors. England. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel
The Ballad of the Belstone Fox, by David Rook. © Independent Artists,
Ltd.; 8Nov73; LF246.


LF247.

Carry on girls. Peter Rogers Productions, Ltd. & G.T. Productions, Ltd.
Released by The Rank Organisation. England. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 9Nov73; LF247.


LF248.

Carry on again doctor. The Rank Organisation. England. 95 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Ethiro Productions, Ltd. © Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd.; 11Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LF248.


LF249.

Carry on matron. Peter Rogers Productions, Ltd. & G.T. Productions, Ltd.
Released by The Rank Organisation. England. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 27Aug72; LF249.


LF250.

Carry on up the Khyber. The Rank Organisation. England. 89 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Adder Productions, Ltd. © Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd.; 5Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LF250.


LF251.

Carry on at your convenience. Peter Rogers Productions, Ltd. & G.T.
Productions, Ltd. Released by The Rank Organisation. England. 89 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 16Jan72 (in notice:
1971); LF251.


LF252.

The Sandwich man. Titan International Pictures, Ltd. Distributed by The
Rank Organisation. England. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add. ti: That
swinging city. © Titan International Pictures, Ltd.; 4Nov66; LF252.


LF253.

Frankenstein and the monster from hell. Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.
Released by Paramount Pictures Corporation. England. 93 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.; 31Dec73; LF253.


LF254.

Captain Kronos: vampire hunter. Hammer Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by Paramount Pictures Corporation. England. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.; 31Dec72; LF254.


LF255.

Fast and loose. J. Arthur Rank Organisation. Distributed by General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 76 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Appl. au: Group
Film Productions, Ltd. © Group Film Productions, Ltd.; 15Mar54; LF255.


LF256.

Doctor in trouble. The Rank Organisation. England. 90 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Based on the novel, Doctor on toast, by Richard Gordon. Appl. au:
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.; 27Sep70;
LF256.


LF257.

Endless night. National Film Trustee Company, Ltd. Produced in
association with British Lion Films, Ltd. & EMI Film Productions, Ltd.
United Kingdom. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Agatha
Christie. © National Film Trustee Company, Ltd.; 6Mar72; LF257.


LF258.

Don’t just lie there, say something! Comocroft, Ltd. Distributed by The
Rank Organisation. England. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Written by
Michael Pertwee from his stageplay. © Comocroft, Ltd.; 14Mar74 (in
notice: 1973); LF258.


LF259.

This was a woman. Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd. Distributed through
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. England. 104 min., sd., b & w,
35 mm. Adapted from the stage play & film treatment by Joan Morgan. ©
Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd.; 6Mar48; LF259.


LF260.

I was happy here. Partisan Film Productions, Ltd. Released by The Rank
Organisation. England. 91 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on story, A
Woman by the seaside, by Edna O’Brien. © Partisan Film a.a.d.o. Partisan
Film Productions, Ltd.; 7Jul66 (in notice: 1965); LF260.


LF261.

Assault. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 90 min., sd., color, 35
mm. From the novel The Ravine, by Kendal Young. © Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd.; 7Mar70; LF261.


LF262.

Revenge. Rank Organisation. England. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl.
au: Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. © Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.;
19Sep71; LF262.


                                   LP


LP43982.

Super Stooges versus the Wonder Women. A Erre Cinematografica in
collaboration with Shaw Brothers-Hong Kong, Ltd. Made by Ovidio
Assonitis & Giorgio Carlo Rossi. Released by American International
Pictures, Inc. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Techniscope. Appl. au:
Sitoro (PTE) Ltd. © American International Pictures, Inc.; 11Oct74;
LP43982.


LP43983.

Macon County line. A Max Baer production. An American International
release. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Max Baer Productions, Inc.;
27Mar74 (in notice: 1973); LP43983.


LP43984.

Sugar Hill. American International Productions, Inc. 91 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © American International Productions, Inc.; 6Feb74;
LP43984.


LP43985.

The Day milk was turned off. Graphics International, Inc. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © National Dairy Council; 19Sep73; LP43985.


LP43986.

Crepe flower. Grant Smith. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Grant Smith;
9Aug74; LP43986.


LP43987.

Rikki-Tikki-Tavi. Charles M. Jones. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
Kipling classic from The Jungle books. © Chuck Jones Enterprises;
8Nov74; LP43987.


LP43988.

The Wild places. Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the Sierra Club. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lee
Mendelson Film Productions, Inc.; 2Dec74; LP43988.


LP43989.

The General. Paul Killiam. 25 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Silents please)
Prev. pub. 22Dec26, LP23453. NM: editorial revisions & additions. ©
Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 8Aug60; LP43989.


LP43990.

The Thief of Bagdad. Paul Killiam. A Sterling Television release. 25
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Silents please) Prev. pub. 23Mar24, LP20112.
NM: editorial revisions & additions. © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.;
11May61 (in notice: 1959); LP43990.


LP43991.

Slapstick. Paul Killiam. 25 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Silents please)
NM: editing, revisions & additions. © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 1Jul62
(in notice: 1960); LP43991.


LP43992.

The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Paul Killiam. 25 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Silents please) Prev. pub. 6Sep23, LP19381. NM: editing, revisions &
additions. © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 6Apr61 (in notice: 1959);
LP43992.


LP43993.

The Clown princes of Hollywood. Paul Killiam. A Sterling Educational
film release. 25 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Silents please) NM: revisions
& additions. © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 10Aug62 (in notice: 1959);
LP43993.


LP43994.

The Black pirate. Paul Killiam. 25 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Silents
please) Prev. pub. 20Mar26, LP22505. NM: editorial revisions &
additions. © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.; 23Mar61 (in notice: 1960);
LP43994.


LP43995.

The Sad clowns. Gregstan Enterprises, Inc. Released by Sterling
Television. 25 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Silents please) Appl. au: Paul
Killiam. NM: revisions & additions. © Gregstan Enterprises, Inc.;
25May61 (in notice: 1959); LP43995.


LP43996.

Daisy Miller. Copa de Oro & Directors Company. Released by Paramount
Pictures Corporation. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the story by
Henry James. © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 21May74; LP43996.


LP43997.

Tainted lady. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 11Nov74; LP43997.


LP43998.

Heel of the tyrant. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
M-G-M TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 18Nov74; LP43998.


LP43999.

Three on a tightrope. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
M-G-M TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 25Nov74; LP43999.


LP44000.

Midwife. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 2Dec74; LP44000.


LP44001.

Dusty and Sweets McGee. A Laughlin, Fraker, Mutrux production. Produced
in association with Michael J. Parsons. Distributed by Warner Brothers.
88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Dusty and Sweets McGee, Ltd. ©
Dusty and Sweets McGee, Ltd.; 23Jun71; LP44001.


LP44002.

Freebie and the Bean. Warner Brothers, Inc. 113 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 21Dec74; LP44002.


LP44003.

The Legend of Earl Durand. Patterson Studios. Released by Howco
International Pictures. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Wyoming
Diversified Enterprises. © Wyoming Diversified Enterprises; 23Aug74;
LP44003.


LP44004.

Mirror people. Kathy Rose. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Kathy Rose;
30Nov74; LP44004.


LP44005.

The Odessa file. Domino Productions, Ltd. & Oceanic Filmproduction,
G.M.B.H. Released by Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. 142 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novel by Frederick Forsyth.
Appl. au: Houtsnede Maatschappij, N.V. © Domino Productions, Ltd.,
Oceanic Filmproduction, G.M.B.H. & Houtsnede Maatschappij, N.V.;
18Oct74; LP44005.


LP44006.

The Little Prince. Stanley Donen Films, Inc. Released by Paramount
Pictures Corporation. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book by
Antoine de Saint-Exupery. © Stanley Donen Films, Inc. & Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 4Mar74; LP44006.


LP44007.

Young Frankenstein. Gruskoff/Venture Films, Crossbow Productions, Inc. &
Jouer, Ltd. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 106
min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on characters in the novel Frankenstein,
by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation; 15Dec74; LP44007.


LP44008.

Schlock. Gazotskie Films, Inc. Released by Jack H. Harris Enterprises,
Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Gazotskie Films, Inc.; 15Oct72;
LP44008.


LP44009.

Coronation. Richard L. Myers, 23 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Richard L.
Myers (in notice: Dick Myers); 1Jan65; LP44009.


LP44010.

The Godfather, part 2. Coppola Company. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 200 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel, The
Godfather, by Mario Puzo, © Paramount Pictures Corporation & The Coppola
Company; 9Dec74; LP44010.


LP44011.

The Crazy world of Julius Vrooder. Playboy Productions, Inc. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 18Oct74; LP44011.


LP44012.

The Nickel ride. Boardwalk Productions. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation; 24Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44012.


LP44013.

Together brothers, Sandy Howard Productions Corporation. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 9Oct74; LP44013.


LP44014.

The Dream makers. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 72 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 7Jan75; LP44014.


LP44015.

Home is the coward. Andy Griffith Enterprises. Produced in association
with MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adams of Eagle Lake) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 10Jan75; LP44015.


LP44016.

Lenny. Marvin Worth Productions. Released by United Artists Corporation.
112 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. From the play by Julian Barry. © United
Artists Corporation; 4Nov74; LP44016.


LP44017.

Wine, women and war. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 20Oct73; LP44017.


LP44018.

The Solid gold kidnapping. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Nov73; LP44018.


LP44019.

The Six million dollar man. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC movies of the week) Based on a
novel by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Mar73; LP44019.


LP44020.

Sam’s song. Fred B. Kimmerly. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Fred B.
Kimmerly; 30Dec74; LP44020.


LP44021.

Joshua and the blob. The Lange and Greenberg Company. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Josuah films) © The Lange and Greenberg Company;
20Dec72; LP44021.


LP44022.

Population: zero. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 18Jan74; LP44022.


LP44023.

Survival of the fittest. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by
Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Jan74; LP44023.


LP44024.

Operation: firefly. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Feb74; LP44024.


LP44025.

Day of the robot. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Feb74; LP44025.


LP44026.

Little orphan airplane. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by
Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Feb74; LP44026.


LP44027.

Doomsday, and counting. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by
Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Mar74; LP44027.


LP44028.

Eyewitness to murder. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by
Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Mar74; LP44028.


LP44029.

The Rescue of Athena One. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by
Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Mar74; LP44029.


LP44030.

Doctor Wells is missing. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by
Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Mar74; LP44030.


LP44031.

The Last of the Fourth of Julys. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced
in association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel
Cyborg, by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Apr74;
LP44031.


LP44032.

Burning bright. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Apr74; LP44032.


LP44033.

The Coward. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color. 16 mm.
(The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Apr74; LP44033.


LP44034.

Run, Steve, run. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Apr74; LP44034.


LP44035.

Sheila Levine is dead and living in New York. Furie Productions, Inc. &
Harry Korshak Productions, Inc. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the
novel by Gail Parent. © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 31Dec74;
LP44035.


LP44036.

Harry and Tonto. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 115 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 2Oct74; LP44036.


LP44037.

Bows and errors. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United
Artists Corporation; 29Dec74; LP44037.


LP44038.

Deviled yeggs. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc. Produced in association
with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United Artists
Corporation; 29Dec74; LP44038.


LP44039.

Tough. Jina Productions, Inc. Released by Dimension Pictures, Inc. 87
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Jina Productions, Inc.; 19Feb73; LP44039.


LP44040.

Hester Street. Midwest Films Productions, Inc. 93 min., sd., b & w, 35
mm. Based on Yekl, by Abraham Cahan. © Midwest Film Productions, Inc.;
10Jul74; LP44040.


LP44041.

Little Cigars. American International Productions. 92 min., sd., color,
35 mm. © American International Productions; 23May73; LP44041.


LP44042.

Scream, Blacula, scream. American International Productions. 96 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © American International Productions; 27Jun73;
LP44042.


LP44043.

Slaughter’s big rip-off. American International Productions. 94 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm., Todd-AO 35. Based on a character created by Don
Williams. © American International Productions; 3Jul73; LP44043.


LP44044.

Coffy. American International Productions. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
American International Productions; 11May73; LP44044.


LP44045.

Dillinger, American International Pictures. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© American International Productions; 20Jun73; LP44045.


LP44046.

A Matter of life and breath. Tandem Productions. 29 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Sanford and Son) Episode based on T.B. or not T.B., by Ray Galton &
Alan Simpson. Series based on Steptoe and Son, created by Ray Galton &
Alan Simpson. Appl. au: Norbud Productions, Inc. © Norbud Productions,
Inc.; 11Feb72; LP44046.


LP44047.

Happy birthday, Pop. Tandem Productions. 29 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Sanford and Son) Episode based on Sixty-five today, by Ray Galton &
Alan Simpson. Series based on Steptoe and Son, created by Ray Galton &
Alan Simpson. Appl. au: Norbud Productions, Inc. © Norbud Productions,
Inc.; 21Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP44047.


LP44048.

The Trial of Billy Jack. National Student Film Corporation. Distributed
by Taylor-Laughlin Distribution Company & Warner Brothers, Inc. 173
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Billy Jack Enterprises, Inc.;
13Nov74; LP44048.


LP44049.

Alice doesn’t live here anymore. Warner Brothers, Inc. 110 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 9Dec74; LP44049.


LP44050.

That certain summer. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movies of the week) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 1Nov72; LP44050.


LP44051.

The Victim. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Tuesday movie of the week) Based on a short story by
McKnight Malmar. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Nov72; LP44051.


LP44052.

The Longest night. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Tuesday movie of the week) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 12Sep72; LP44052.


LP44053.

You’ll never see me again. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movies of the week) From the short story by
Cornell Woolrich. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Feb73; LP44053.


LP44054.

Family flight. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Movies of the week) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Oct72;
LP44054.


LP44055.

Beg, borrow, or steal. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV, 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Tuesday movie of the week) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Mar73; LP44055.


LP44056.

Female artillery. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Wednesday movie of the week) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 17Jan73; LP44056.


LP44057.

Short walk to daylight. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Tuesday movie of the week) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Oct72; LP44057.


LP44058.

Lieutenant Schuster’s wife. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movies of the week) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 11Oct72; LP44058.


LP44059.

The Couple takes a wife. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movies of the week) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 1Dec72; LP44059.


LP44060.

Bearheart of the great Northwest. Rand Productions, Inc. 6 reels, sd.,
color, 35 mm. From an original story by Rand Brooks. © Rand Productions,
Inc.; 12Dec62; LP44060.


LP44061.

Claudine. Third World Cinema Productions, Inc. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Third World
Cinema Productions, Inc.; 24Apr74; LP44061.


LP44062.

Winnie the Pooh and Tigger, too. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by
Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the books written by A. A. Milne. © Walt Disney Productions; 9Dec74;
LP44062.


LP44063.

The Island at the top of the world. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed
by Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on The Lost ones, by Ian Cameron. © Walt Disney Productions;
6Dec74; LP44063.


LP44064.

The Man with the golden gun. Danjaq, S.A. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 125 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on Ian Fleming’s novel.
© Danjaq, S.A.; 21Nov74; LP44064.


LP44065.

The Savage is loose. Campbell Devon Productions. 114 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. Appl. au: The Savage Is Loose Company. © The Savage
Is Loose Company; 8Oct74; LP44065.


LP44066.

Plato’s cave. An Arthur Gould production. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
From Book 7 of The Republic. © Arthur Gould; 20Nov74; LP44066.


LP44067.

The Yagua. Paul Fejos. 56 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Lita Osmundsen;
16Dec74; LP44067.


LP44068.

Goya. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television Commission. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © The Southern Baptist Radio
and Television Commission; 1Jan74 (in notice: 1975); LP44068.


LP44069.

Cathedrals. Radio and Television Commission of the Southern Baptist
Convention. 30 min., sd., color. 16 mm. © Radio and Television
Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention; 1Jan74; LP44069.


LP44070.

Wings within. Southern Baptist Convention, Radio and Television
Commission. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © Southern
Baptist Convention; 1Jan75; LP44070.


LP44071.

High flight. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television Commission. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © The Southern Baptist
Radio and Television Commission; 1Jan75; LP44071.


LP44072.

Sparrow. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television Commission. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © The Southern Baptist Radio
and Television Commission; 1Jan75; LP44072.


LP44073.

Josip Horak. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television Commission. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © The Southern Baptist
Radio and Television Commission; 1Jan74; LP44073.


LP44074.

The Long road in between. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television
Commission. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © Southern
Baptist Radio-Television Commission; 1Jan74; LP44074.


LP44075.

The Anniversary. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television Commission.
30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © Southern Baptist
Radio-Television Commission; 1Jan74; LP44075.


LP44076.

A Walk up the hill. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television
Commission. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © Southern
Baptist Radio-Television Commission; 1Jan74; LP44076.


LP44077.

Sandcastles. The Southern Baptist Radio and Television Commission. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Human dimension) © The Southern Baptist
Radio and Television Commission; 1Jan74; LP44077.


LP44078.

Just be there. Montgomery Productions. Presented in association with
Loveday Productions & Cinematrix. Released by Worldwide Entertainment
Corporation. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Loveday Productions; 17Apr73;
LP44078.


LP44079.

Boss nigger. Jacs Films, Inc. & 3P Productions. Released by Dimension
Pictures. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Todd/AO. Appl. au: Boss
Productions, Ltd. © Boss Productions, Ltd.; 20Dec74; LP44079.


LP44080.

The Defiance of good. S.P.S.C. Productions, Inc. 74 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © SPSC Productions Corporation (in notice: S.P.S.C. Productions,
Inc.); 7Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44080.


LP44081.

Portrait. Oriel Agencies, Ltd. 65 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Gerard Damiano. © Oriel Agencies, Ltd.; 2Oct74; LP44081.


LP44082.

All kinds of people. American Telephone and Telegraph Company. Made by
Vision Associates, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © A.T. and T. a.a.d.
for American Telephone and Telegraph Company; 10Mar71 (in notice: 1972);
LP44082.


LP44083.

O Lala. Les Kaluza. 5 min., sd., color. 35 mm. © Les Kaluza; 26Nov74;
LP44083.


LP44084.

Nightrider. Ron Horwitz. 21 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Ron Horwitz;
29Jan75; LP44084.


LP44085.

The Last of the curlews. Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc. 51 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Based on the book by Fred Bodsworth. © Hanna-Barbera
Productions, Inc.; 4Oct72; LP44085.


LP44086.

Eastwind anti-smoking spot. No. 1. Eastwind Productions. 30 seconds,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Edward R. Miller, James Block, Sergei Bodel,
Douglas Dickinson, David Dietrich, d.b.a. Eastwind Productions; 20Dec74
(in notice: 1975); LP44086.


LP44087.

S*P*Y*S. A Robert Chartoff-Irwin Winkler production. Made by Dymphana
Film and Theatre Productions, Ltd. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation. Appl. au: American Film Properties. © American Film
Properties; 26Jun74; LP44087.


LP44088.

The Towering inferno. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation & Warner
Brothers, Inc. 170 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the
novels, The Tower, by Richard Martin Stern, & The Glass inferno, by
Thomas N. Scortia & Frank M. Robinson. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation & Warner Brothers, Inc.; 18Dec74; LP44088.


LP44089.

The First woman President. Wolper Productions. Produced in association
with The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc. 51 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ inch). © The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc.; 1Apr74;
LP44089.


LP44090.

The Runaway. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 27Feb74; LP44090.


LP44091.

Walter’s problem. Pt. 1. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Sep73; LP44091.


LP44092.

Walter’s problem. Pt. 2. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Sep73; LP44092.


LP44093.

The Man I most admire. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 1Oct74; LP44093.


LP44094.

Thelma’s young man. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 8Oct74; LP44094.


LP44095.

The I.Q. test. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 17Oct74; LP44095.


LP44096.

J.J. becomes a man. Pt. 1. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Sep74; LP44096.


LP44097.

Florida flips. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Sep74; LP44097.


LP44098.

Crosstown busses run all day, doodah, doodah. Tandem Productions, Inc.
30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.;
25Sep74; LP44098.


LP44099.

The Encyclopedia hustle. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 23Oct74; LP44099.


LP44100.

J.J. becomes a man. Pt. 2. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 18Sep74; LP44100.


LP44101.

Rafferty and the Gold Dust Twins. A Gruskoff/Venture/Linson production.
Distributed by Warner Brothers, Inc. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm,
Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 2Feb75; LP44101.


LP44102.

The Orchard heritage. Michael R. Brown. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Michael R. Brown; 2Dec74 (in notice: 1973); LP44102.


LP44103.

Crossed swords. Norbud Productions, Inc. 29 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Sanford and son) Episode based on Crossed swords, by Ray Galton & Alan
Simpson; series based on Steptoe and son, created by Ray Galton & Alan
Simpson. © Norbud Productions, Inc.; 14Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP44103.


LP44104.

Lionel, the live-in. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 9Oct74; LP44104.


LP44105.

Archie is missing! Pt. 2. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Nov74; LP44105.


LP44106.

The Longest kiss. Pt. 3. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Nov74; LP44106.


LP44107.

The Bunkers and inflation. Pt. 1. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
b & w, 16 mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Sep74;
LP44107.


LP44108.

Where’s Archie? Pt. 1. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Oct74; LP44108.


LP44109.

The Bunkers and inflation. Pt. 2: Archie underfoot. Tandem Productions,
Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All in the family) © Tandem
Productions, Inc.; 18Sep74; LP44109.


LP44110.

The Bunkers and inflation. Pt. 3: Edith, the job hunter. Tandem
Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All in the family) ©
Tandem Productions, Inc.; 25Sep74; LP44110.


LP44111.

The Bunkers and inflation. Pt. 4: Archie’s raise. Tandem Productions,
Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All in the family) © Tandem
Productions, Inc.; 2Oct74; LP44111.


LP44112.

Maude meets the Duke. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Sep74; LP44112.


LP44113.

The Kiss. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Maude) ©
Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Sep74; LP44113.


LP44114.

Walter’s heart attack. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 19Sep74; LP44114.


LP44115.

The New housekeeper. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Sep74; LP44115.


LP44116.

Speed trap. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Maude)
© Tandem Productions, Inc.; 3Oct74; LP44116.


LP44117.

Lovers in common. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 9Oct74; LP44117.


LP44118.

Walter’s dream. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 16Oct74; LP44118.


LP44119.

Last tango in Tuckahoe. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Nov74; LP44119.


LP44120.

Vivian’s party. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Nov74; LP44120.


LP44121.

Maude, the boss. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Nov74; LP44121.


LP44122.

Mister Ricco. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 29Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44122.


LP44123.

Kiss and kill. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 9Dec74; LP44123.


LP44124.

Saturday’s child. An Alfra production. Produced in association
with MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 16Dec74; LP44124.


LP44125.

The Hostile heart. An Alfra production. Produced in association
with MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 30Dec74; LP44125.


LP44126.

No way home. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 6Jan75; LP44126.


LP44127.

The Burning hell. The Ormond Organization. Released by Estus Pirkle
Evangelistic Association, Inc. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Estus W. Pirkle. © The Estus Pirkle Evangelistic Association, Inc.;
6Dec74; LP44127.


LP44128.

Dirty O’Neil. A Metaphor Production. Released by American International
Pictures, Inc. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American International
Pictures, Inc.; 23Jan74; LP44128.


LP44129.

Bamboo gods and iron men. Premiere Productions, Inc. Released by
American International Pictures, Inc. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl.
au: Cirio Santiago. © American International Pictures, Inc.; 23Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); LP44129.


LP44130.

Deranged. Karr International Pictures, Inc. Released by American
International Pictures, Inc. 83 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Tom
Karr Productions, Inc. © American International Pictures, Inc.; 8Feb74;
LP44130.


LP44131.

Foxy Brown. American International Productions. 91 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © American International Productions; 5Apr74; LP44131.


LP44132.

The Nine lives of Fritz the Cat. Two Gees. Released by American
International Pictures, Inc. 77 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American
International Pictures, Inc. & Two Gees; 26Jun74; LP44132.


LP44133.

The Destructors. Kettledrum Films & Productions et Editions
Cinematographiques Francaises, S.R.L. Released by American International
Pictures, Inc. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American International
Pictures, Inc. & Marseilles Enterprises; 28Aug74; LP44133.


LP44134.

Truck Turner. Sequoia Pictures, Inc. Released by American International
Pictures, Inc. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American International
Pictures, Inc.; 26Apr74; LP44134.


LP44135.

Golden needles. Sequoia Pictures, Inc. Released by American
International Pictures, Inc. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. ©
American International Pictures, Inc.; 12Jul74; LP44135.


LP44136.

Savage sisters. Cinema Projects International. Released by American
International Pictures, Inc. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add. ti: Ebony,
ivory and jade. © American International Pictures, Inc.; 31Jul74;
LP44136.


LP44137.

The Ransom. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Invaders) ©
QM Productions; 12Dec67; LP44137.


LP44138.

Summit meeting. Pt. 1. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Invaders) © QM Productions; 31Oct67; LP44138.


LP44139.

Niagara Falls. Foreman-International. 41 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
Prev. reg. 3Oct41, LP10775. NM: additions & revisions. ©
Foreman-International; 20Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44139.


LP44140.

We’re finding our way. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 4Jun74; LP44140. (Copyright claimed until
1984)


LP44141.

Everything you do. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 4Jun74; LP44141. (Copyright claimed until
1984)


LP44142.

Es terrible una cosa asi. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 4Jun74; LP44142. (Copyright claimed until
1984)


LP44143.

Ay, yo hice un error! Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 4Jun74; LP44143. (Copyright claimed until
1984)


LP44144.

Depende de tu interpretacion. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 7
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © San
Antonio Independent School District; 4Jun74; LP44144. (Copyright claimed
until 1984)


LP44145.

On Viaje a Mexico. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 4Jun74; LP44145. (Copyright claimed until
1984)


LP44146.

All the animals. Sutherland Learning Associates. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © Sutherland Learning
Associates, Inc.; 22Jul74; LP44146.


LP44147.

Mamas and papas. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Project Bilingual) © Sutherland
Learning Associates, Inc.; 22Jul74; LP44147.


LP44148.

The Family Rico. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 90 min., sd., color,
videotape (2 in.) Based on the novel by Georges Simenon. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 5Sep72; LP44148.


LP44149.

Visions. CBS Television Network. 90 min., sd., color, videotape (2 in.)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 3Oct72; LP44149.


LP44150.

Coffee, tea or me? CBS Television Network. 90 min., sd., color,
videotape (2 in.) Based on the book by Trudy Baker & Rachel Jones. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 4Sep73; LP44150.


LP44151.

Mike’s friend. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All
in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 11Dec74; LP44151.


LP44152.

Archie and the kiss. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 3Oct73; LP44152.


LP44153.

The Checkup. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Good
times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Apr74; LP44153.


LP44154.

The Strongest man in the world. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by
Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Walt Disney Productions; 5Feb75; LP44154.


LP44155.

The House on Skull Mountain. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
Made by Choclate Chip & Pinto. Produced in association with Film Fund
Enterprises, Inc. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation; 30Oct74; LP44155.


LP44156.

Two on a bench. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movie of the weekend) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 15Apr72 (in notice: 1971); LP44156.


LP44157.

Partners in crime. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 24Mar73; LP44157.


LP44158.

Brock’s last case. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Talent Associates, Norton Simon, Inc. & Oden Productions, Inc. 106
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 3Mar73 (in notice: 1972); LP44158.


LP44159.

The Mad adventures of Rabbi Jacob. Films Pomereu & Horse Films. Released
by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
NM: some editing & English sound track. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation; 14Aug74 (in notice: 1973); LP44159.


LP44160.

Nostalgia party. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 24Dec74 (in notice: 1975); LP44160.


LP44161.

Walter’s ex. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 4Dec74; LP44161.


LP44162.

Maude’s new friend. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Nov74; LP44162.


LP44163.

The Rise and fall of the Third Reich. Pt. 1. Wolper Productions, Inc.
Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based
on the book by William L. Shirer. NM: compilation & additional
cinematographic work. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 6Mar68 (in notice:
1967); LP44163.


LP44164.

The Rise and fall of the Third Reich. Pt. 2. Wolper Productions, Inc.
Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based
on the book by William L. Shirer. NM: compilation & additional
cinematographic work. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 8Mar68; LP44164.


LP44165.

The Rise and fall of the Third Reich. Pt. 3. Wolper Productions, Inc.
Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based
on the book by William L. Shirer. NM: compilation & additional
cinematographic work. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 9Mar68; LP44165.


LP44166.

Once more for Joey. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 17Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP44166.


LP44167.

Two hundred large. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 10Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP44167.


LP44168.

Friend or foe. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 3Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44168.


LP44169.

Terror on Grant Avenue. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 31Jan74; LP44169.


LP44170.

Class of ’40. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 7Feb74; LP44170.


LP44171.

The Taste of ashes. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 14Feb74; LP44171.


LP44172.

A Death in academe. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 21Feb74; LP44172.


LP44173.

Close to the heart. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 28Feb74; LP44173.


LP44174.

Come eleven, come twelve. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 7Mar74; LP44174.


LP44175.

Riddle at 24,000. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 14Mar74; LP44175.


LP44176.

Amy Prentiss: a.k.a. the chief. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 23May74; LP44176.


LP44177.

Confessions: from a lady of the night. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 13Sep73;
LP44177.


LP44178.

Murder by one. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 20Sep73; LP44178.


LP44179.

In the forests of the night. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 27Sep73; LP44179.


LP44180.

Fragile is the house of cards. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 4Oct73; LP44180.


LP44181.

The Armageddon gang. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 11Oct73; LP44181.


LP44182.

House of terror. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 25Oct73; LP44182.


LP44183.

The Helping hand. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 1Nov73; LP44183.


LP44184.

Downhill all the way. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 8Nov73; LP44184.


LP44185.

Mind for murder. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 15Nov73; LP44185.


LP44186.

The Hidden man. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 29Nov73; LP44186.


LP44187.

Double-edged corner. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 6Dec73; LP44187.


LP44188.

The Last payment. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 20Dec73; LP44188.


LP44189.

A Minute to pray, a second to die. Selmur Pictures Corporation. 100
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Selmur Pictures Corporation; 1May68; LP44189.


LP44190.

Suppose they gave a war and nobody came. ABC Pictures Corporation. 114
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © ABC Pictures Corporation; 31Dec69; LP44190.


LP44191.

The last valley. A Season production. Distributed by Cinerama Releasing.
128 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Todd-AO. Based on the novel by J. B. Pick.
Appl. au: ABC Pictures Corporation. © ABC Pictures Corporation; 31Dec70;
LP44191.


LP44192.

Song of Norway. ABC Pictures Corporation. Distributed by Cinerama
Releasing. 139 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Super Panavision. © ABC
Pictures Corporation; 14Nov70; LP44192.


LP44193.

Cop-out. Selmur Productions, Inc. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the
novel, The Strangers in the house, by Georges Simenon. © Selmur
Productions, Inc.; 31Dec67; LP44193.


LP44194.

Ring of bright water. Palomar Pictures International, Inc. Made by
Bridgewater Film Production, Ltd. Distributed by Cinerama Releasing
Corporation. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Palomar Pictures
International, Inc.; 18Jun69; LP44194.


LP44195.

Be my valentine, Charlie Brown. Lee Mendelson & Bill Melendez. Produced
in cooperation with United Feature Syndicate, Inc. & Charles M. Schulz
Creative Associates. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United Feature
Syndicate, Inc.; 28Jan75; LP44195.


LP44196.

Saturday afternoon. Teleketics & Franciscan Communications Center. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Contemporary family series) © Franciscan
Communications Center; 2Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44196.


LP44197.

The Good, good, good, good, good life. Teleketics & Franciscan
Communications Center. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Contemporary
family series) Add. ti: The Good, good, good life. © Franciscan
Communications Center; 1Feb75 (in notice: 1974); LP44197.


LP44198.

Nobody important. Teleketics & Franciscan Communications Center, 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Contemporary family series) © Franciscan
Communications Center; 1Feb75 (in notice: 1974); LP44198.


LP44199.

Mike’s horror-scope. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 2Jan70 (in notice:
1969); LP44199.


LP44200.

Lost locket, found locket. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 6Mar70; LP44200.


LP44201.

Brace yourself. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady
bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 30Jan70; LP44201.


LP44202.

Voice of Christmas. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 5Dec69; LP44202.


LP44203.

Alice doesn’t live here anymore. Paramount Pictures Corporation.
Produced in association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
3Oct69; LP44203.


LP44204.

Eenie, meenie, mommy, daddy. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 26Sep69; LP44204.


LP44205.

The Treasure chest murders. An Andy Griffith Enterprises production.
Produced in association with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Adams of Eagle Lake) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.;
26Feb75; LP44205.


LP44206.

Captives. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 13Jan75; LP44206.


LP44207.

The Rip-off. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 20Jan75;
LP44207.


LP44208.

Crown of thorns. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 3Feb75; LP44208.


LP44209.

Invisible wife. An Alfra production. Produced in association with M-G-M
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 10Feb75; LP44209.


LP44210.

Report to the commissioner. Frankovich Productions. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by
James Mills. © United Artists Corporation; 9Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44210.


LP44211.

The Lost man. Universal Pictures. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based on a novel by Frederick Laurence Green. © Universal
Pictures; 2Aug69; LP44211.


LP44212.

The Yazuka. Warner Brothers, Inc. 115 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 21Dec74; LP44212.


LP44213.

Little Ms. Muffet! Erotica Productions. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Mark Seidenberg (Mendel Marks) © Mark Seidenberg (Mendel Marks);
2Oct74; LP44213.


LP44214.

Barely proper. Barely Proper Distributing Company, Inc. 68 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Barely Proper Distributing Company, Inc.; 1Mar75;
LP44214.


LP44215.

The Four Musketeers. Film Trust, S.A. & Este Films. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Add. ti; The Revenge of Milady. Based on the novel by Alexandre Dumas. ©
Film Trust, S.A.; 19Mar75 (in notice: 1974); LP44215.


LP44216.

At long last love. A Copa De Oro picture. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation; 6Mar75; LP44216.


LP44217.

We’re still having a heat wave. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b
& w, 16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created
by Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Sep73; LP44217.


LP44218.

All psyched out. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 31Dec74; LP44218.


LP44219.

Prisoner in the house. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 1Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44219.


LP44220.

The Telethon. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 16Jan75; LP44220.


LP44221.

Archie and the computer. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 24Oct73; LP44221.


LP44222.

The Games Bunkers play. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 31Oct73; LP44222.


LP44223.

Archie and the miracle. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 21Nov74; LP44223.


LP44224.

George and Archie make a deal. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b
& w, 16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created
by Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Nov74; LP44224.


LP44225.

Archie’s contract. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Dec74; LP44225.


LP44226.

Cleanout. A Unit production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Supercops) Based upon the book by L. H.
Whittemore. Appl. au: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 21Mar75; LP44226.


LP44227.

If mine eye offends me. An Alfra production. Produced in association
with MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 24Feb75; LP44227.


LP44228.

Survivors. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 3Mar75; LP44228.


LP44229.

Aftershock. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 10Mar75; LP44229.


LP44230.

Half a life. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 17Mar75;
LP44230.


LP44231.

The White seal. Chuck Jones Enterprises. 61 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
Kipling classic from The Jungle books. Appl. au: Charles M. Jones (Chuck
Jones) © Chuck Jones Enterprises; 10Mar75 (in notice: 1974); LP44231.


LP44232.

Harpy. Cinema Center 100. 120 min., sd., color, videotape (2 in.) Based
on a story by T. K. Brown, 3rd. Appl. au: Cinema Center Films. © Cinema
Center Films; 7Mar71 (in notice: 1970); LP44232.


LP44233.

Salt water tuffy. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United
Artists Corporation; 20Mar75 (in notice: 1974); LP44233.


LP44234.

Watch the birdie. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Dogfather) © United
Artists Corporation; 20Mar75 (in notice: 1974); LP44234.


LP44235.

Set this town on fire. Universal-Public Arts Productions. Released by
MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal-Public
Arts Productions; 6Jan73 (in notice: 1969); LP44235.


LP44236.

Hec Ramsey. Mark 7, Ltd., Productions. Produced in association with
Universal City Studios, Inc. Released by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color,
35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc. & Mark 7, Ltd.,
Productions; 7Oct72; LP44236.


LP44237.

The Grate mans wiskurs. Universal City Studios, Inc. Released by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) Add. ti: The Great man’s
whiskers. From a one act play by Adrian Scott. © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 13Feb73 (in notice: 1969); LP44237.


LP44238.

The Girl from Petrovka. Universal Pictures. 103 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. Based on the book by George Feifer. © Universal
Pictures; 16Aug74; LP44238.


LP44239.

The Front page. Universal Pictures. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based on the play by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur. ©
Universal Pictures; 18Dec74; LP44239.


LP44240.

Framed. Mort Briskin Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Art Powers
and Mike Misenheimer. © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 31Dec74;
LP44240.


LP44241.

Escape to Witch Mountain. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena
Vista Distribution Company, Inc. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
the book by Alexander Key. © Walt Disney Productions; 19Mar75; LP44241.


LP44242.

The Case of the elevator duck. Learning Corporation of America. An
Omaha/Orange film. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the book by Polly
Berrien Berends. © Learning Corporation of America; 8Aug74; LP44242.


LP44243.

Andrew Carnegie: the gospel of wealth. Robert Sauder Associates.
Released by Learning Corporation of America. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Learning Company of America, Inc., a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. © Learning Company of America, Inc., a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 25Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP44243.


LP44244.

The Masses and the millionaires: The Homestead strike. Robert Sauder
Associates. Released by Learning Corporation of America. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Learning Company of America, Inc., a division of
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. © Learning Company of America, Inc.,
a division of Colombia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 25Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP44244.


LP44245.

The Lure of the empire: America debates imperialism, 1898 – 1901. Robert
Sauder Associates. Released by Learning Corporation of America. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Learning Company of America, Inc., a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. NM: compilation. ©
Learning Company of America, Inc., a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 30Apr74; LP44245.


LP44246.

Two factories: Japanese—American. John H. Secondari Productions, Ltd.
Released by Learning Corporation of America. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Comparative cultures/geography series) Appl. au: Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. © Learning
Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
26Apr74; LP44246.


LP44247.

Two families: African—American. John H. Secondari Productions, Ltd.
Released by Learning Corporation of America, a subsidiary of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Comparative
cultures/geography series) Appl. au: Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 28Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); LP44247.


LP44248.

George Washington and the Whiskey Rebellion: testing the Constitution.
Robert Sauder Associates. Released by Learning Corporation of America.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (American history series) © Learning
Corporation of America; 30Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44248.


LP44249.

The Constitution: the compromise that made a nation. Robert Sauder
Associates. Released by Learning Corporation of America. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (American history series) © Learning Corporation of
America; 10Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44249.


LP44250.

The Fable of he and she. Learning Corporation of America. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Learning Corporation of America; 22Jul74; LP44250.


LP44251.

Me and you kangaroo. Learning Corporation of America. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Learning Corporation of America; 22Jul74; LP44251.


LP44252.

Airport 1975. Universal Pictures. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based on the novel by Arthur Hailey, inspired by the film,
Airport. © Universal Pictures; 18Oct74; LP44252.


LP44253.

Five days in the death of Sergeant Brown. Pt. 1. Harbour-UTV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Ironside) © Harbour-UTV; 14Sep72; LP44253.


LP44254.

Lucy and the pool hustler. A Desilu production. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Lucy show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene
Kampen. Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 8Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LP44254.


LP44255.

The Soul of Nigger Charley. A Spangler and Sons Pictures, Ltd.
production. Released by Paramount Pictures Corporation. 109 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 15May73;
LP44255.


LP44256.

Who mourns for Adonais? A Desilu production. Produced in association
with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl.
au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation &
Norway Corporation; 8Sep67; LP44256.


LP44257.

The Changeling. A Desilu production. Produced in association with Norway
Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au: Paramount
Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway
Corporation; 15Sep67; LP44257.


LP44258.

The Doomsday machine. A Desilu production. Produced in association with
Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation &
Norway Corporation; 24Sep67; LP44258.


LP44259.

The Apple. A Desilu production. Produced in association with Norway
Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au: Paramount
Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway
Corporation: 29Sep67; LP44259.


LP44260.

Wolf in the fold. A Desilu production. Produced in association with
Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation &
Norway Corporation; 8Dec67; LP44260.


LP44261.

Lucy gets her diploma. A Desilu production. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Lucy show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen.
Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 9Oct67; LP44261.


LP44262.

Lucy gets Mooney fired. A Desilu production. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Lucy show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen.
Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 23Oct67; LP44262.


LP44263.

Lucy’s mystery guest. A Desilu production. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Lucy show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen.
Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 30Oct67; LP44263.


LP44264.

Lucy sues Mooney. A Desilu production. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Lucy show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen.
Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 13Nov67; LP44264.


LP44265.

Lucy and Carol Burnett. Pt. 1. A Desilu production. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Lucy show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene
Kampen. Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 20Nov67; LP44265.


LP44266.

Lucy and Carol Burnett. Pt. 2. A Desilu production. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Lucy show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene
Kampen. Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 27Nov67; LP44266.


LP44267.

The Slave. Pt. 1. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 24Sep67;
LP44267.


LP44268.

The Slave. Pt. 2. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 1Oct67;
LP44268.


LP44269.

The Money machine. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 15Oct67;
LP44269.


LP44270.

The Astrologer. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 19Nov67;
LP44270.


LP44271.

Echo of yesterday. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 26Nov67;
LP44271.


LP44272.

The Photographer. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation. 3Dec67;
LP44272.


LP44273.

The Spy. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 18Dec67;
LP44273.


LP44274.

The Emerald. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 7Jan68; LP44274.


LP44275.

A Game of chess. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 14Jan68;
LP44275.


LP44276.

The Condemned. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 14Jan68;
LP44276.


LP44277.

The Counterfeiters. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 21Jan68;
LP44277.


LP44278.

The Town. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 4Feb68; LP44278.


LP44279.

The Killing, Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation: 11Feb68;
LP44279.


LP44280.

Trial by fury. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 25Feb68;
LP44280.


LP44281.

The Recovery. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 3Mar68;
LP44281.


LP44282.

Lucy gets involved. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy show)
Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
1Jan68; LP44282.


LP44283.

Lucy and Viv reminisce. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy
show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
1Jan68; LP44283.


LP44284.

Mooney’s other wife. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy show)
Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
8Jan68; LP44284.


LP44285.

Lucy and the stolen stole. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy
show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
15Jan68; LP44285.


LP44286.

Lucy and Phil Harris. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy
show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount pictures Corporation:
22Jan68; LP44286.


LP44287.

Last hours before morning. Charles Fries Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 72 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 19Apr75; LP44287.


LP44288.

Right to an attorney. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 8Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP44288.


LP44289.

John Doe bucks. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 15Jan74; LP44289.


LP44290.

The Game ball. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 29Jan74; LP44290.


LP44291.

Vacation for a president. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 5Feb74; LP44291.


LP44292.

Eighty-six proof TNT. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 19Mar74; LP44292.


LP44293.

Hot beef. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 12Feb74; LP44293.


LP44294.

$35 will fly you to the noon. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 22Jan74; LP44294.


LP44295.

Out of gas? Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 19Feb74; LP44295.


LP44296.

The People parlay. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © chase Productions; 9Apr74; LP44296.


LP44297.

Remote control. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 26Feb74; LP44297.


LP44298.

A Bit of class. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 8Dec73; LP44298.


LP44299.

The Wooden horse caper. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 9Sep73; LP44299.


LP44300.

Foul-up. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 22Sep73; LP44300.


LP44301.

One for you, two for me. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 6Oct73; LP44301.


LP44302.

Six for five. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 27Oct73; LP44302.


LP44303.

The Scene stealers. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 20Oct73; LP44303.


LP44304.

Sizzling stones. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 15Dec73; LP44304.


LP44305.

The Garbage man. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 24Nov73; LP44305.


LP44306.

The Dice rolled dead. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 17Nov73; LP44306.


LP44307.

The Dealer-wheelers. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 3Nov73; LP44307.


LP44308.

The Winning ticket is a loser. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase)
Appl. au: Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 29Sep73; LP44308.


LP44309.

Gang war. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Chase) Appl. au:
Chase Productions. © Chase Productions; 15Sep73; LP44309.


LP44310.

Guinea pig. Xerox Films. Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox Corporation,
employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 21Apr72; LP44310.


LP44311.

Cecropia moth. Xerox Films. Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox
Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 24Mar72; LP44311.


LP44312.

Monarch butterfly. Xerox Films. Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox
Corporation, employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 28Jun72; LP44312.


LP44313.

Frog. Xerox Films. Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox Corporation,
employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 8Sep72; LP44313.


LP44314.

Grasshopper. Xerox Films. Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox Corporation,
employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 17Nov72; LP44314.


LP44315.

Mosquito. Xerox Films. Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm, in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox Corporation,
employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 20Oct72; LP44315.


LP44316.

Cow. Xerox Films, Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox Corporation, employer
for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 14Jul72; LP44316.


LP44317.

Chicken. Xerox Films. Made by Lester V. Bergman. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Circle of life) Appl. au: Xerox Corporation,
employer for hire. © Xerox Corporation; 12May72; LP44317.


LP44318.

Mandingo. Dino DeLaurentiis Corporation. Released by Paramount. 127
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Kyle Onstott & upon the
play based thereon by Jack Kirkland. © Dino DeLaurentiis Corporation;
21Mar75; LP44318.


LP44319.

W. W. and the Dixie Dancekings. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation;
7Feb75; LP44319.


LP44320.

The Prisoner of Second Avenue. Warner Brothers, Inc. 103 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. A Melvin Frank production of a Neil Simon
play. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 16Jan75; LP44320.


LP44321.

Lucy helps Ken Berry. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy
show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
5Feb68; LP44321.


LP44322.

Lucy and the lost star. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy
show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
12Feb68; LP44322.


LP44323.

Lucy and Sid Caesar. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy show)
Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
19Feb68; LP44323.


LP44324.

Paul and Michelle. Marianne Productions, S.A. & Rosslyn Productions,
Ltd. Released by Paramount Pictures Corporation. 103 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 18Feb74; LP44324.


LP44325.

A Doll’s house. Elkins Productions, Ltd. in association with Freeward
Films, Ltd. Released by Paramount Pictures Corporation. 95 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the play by Henrik Ibsen. © Elkins Productions of
Canada, Ltd.; 18Apr73; LP44325.


LP44326.

Teddy Roosevelt: the right man at the right time. Learning Corporation
of America. Made by Robert Sauder Associates. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: Learning Company of America, Inc., a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. NM: compilation. © Learning Company of
America, Inc., a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 28Jan74
(in notice: 1973); LP44326.


LP44327.

Harry and Maggie. MGM Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 25Apr75; LP44327.


LP44328.

The Day of the locust. Long Road Productions. Released by Paramount
Pictures Corporation. 144 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by
Nathaniel West. © Long Road Productions; 31Dec74; LP44328.


LP44329.

Moonrunners. United Artists Corporation. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
United Artists Corporation; 29Oct74; LP44329.


LP44330.

Brannigan. Wellborn, Ltd. Released by United Artists Corporation. 111
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Appl. au: Battle Corporation, N.V.
© United Artists Corporation; 19Feb75; LP44330.


LP44331.

The Phantom Baron. Raymond Rohauer. 90 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Add. ti:
Le Baron Fantom. © on English subtitles, re-editing & other revisions;
Raymond Rohauer; 10Dec67; LP44331.


LP44332.

No smoking. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All in
the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny Speight. ©
Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Feb75; LP44332.


LP44333.

The Jeffersons move up. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 9Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44333.


LP44334.

Black is the color of my true love’s wig. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us
part, created by Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 21Nov73;
LP44334.


LP44335.

They only come out at night. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 72 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Jigsaw John) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 29Apr75;
LP44335.


LP44336.

Nevada Smith. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. Produced in association with
Televisa Mexico. 72 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 3May75; LP44336.


LP44337.

All my darling daughters. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movies of the week) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 22Nov72 (in notice: 1973); LP44337.


LP44338.

Jet over the Atlantic. Inter-Continent Films, Inc. 95 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. © Inter-Continent Films, Inc.; 15Jul59; LP44338.


LP44339.

Aloha, Bobby and Rose. Cine Artists International. Released by Columbia.
89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Cine Artists International; 29Apr75;
LP44339.


LP44340.

Funny lady. Vista Company. Released by Columbia Pictures. 137 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Vista Company; 9Mar75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44340.


LP44341.

All’s fair. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All in
the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny Speight. ©
Tandem Productions, Inc.; 15Jan75; LP44341.


LP44342.

Gloria’s shock. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 23Oct74; LP44342.


LP44343.

The Good bad man. Boltons Trading Corporation. 50 min., si., b & w, 16
mm. New subtitled version of 1916 motion picture. © on new subtitles;
Boltons Trading Corporation; 10Dec74; LP44343.


LP44344.

Et tu, Archie? Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (All
in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 23Jan74; LP44344.


LP44345.

Gloria’s boyfriend. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Jan74; LP44345.


LP44346.

The First step. Richard S. Milbauer Productions in association with
Milbaker Productions, Inc. and Motivision, Ltd. 29 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Milbaker Productions, Inc.; 1Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44346.


LP44347.

Death be not proud. A Good Housekeeping presentation in association with
Westfall Productions, Inc. 98 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based upon the
memoir by John Gunther. © HAEC International Video, B.V., et. al.;
29Jan75; LP44347.


LP44348.

Galileo. The Ely Landau Organization, Inc. & Cinevision, Ltee. Released
by AFT Distributing Corporation. 145 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the
English version of Bertold (i.e. Bertolt) Brecht’s play, by Charles
Laughton. Appl. au: ELO 1974 – 75 Productions, Inc. © AFT Distributing
Corporation; 31Dec74; LP44348.


LP44349.

Shampoo. Persky-Bright & Vista Company. Distributed by Columbia. 112
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Vista Company; 11Feb75; LP44349.


LP44350.

Florida goes to school. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 1Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44350.


LP44351.

The Nude. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Good
times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 7Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44351.


LP44352.

The Family business. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 16Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44352.


LP44353.

And then there were none. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 22Jan75; LP44353.


LP44354.

Florida’s big gig. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 24Dec74; LP44354.


LP44355.

Sometimes there’s no bottom in the bottle. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.;
4Dec74; LP44355.


LP44356.

The Gang. Pt. 2. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 16Nov74; LP44356.


LP44357.

The Gang. Pt. 1. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 9Nov74; LP44357.


LP44358.

The Windfall. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Good
times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Nov74; LP44358.


LP44359.

Florida, the matchmaker. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Nov74; LP44359.


LP44360.

Rosebud. Sigma Productions, Inc. Released by United Artists Corporation.
126 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novel by Joan
Hemingway & Paul Bonnecarrere. © United Artists Corporation; 17Mar75 (in
notice: 1974); LP44360.


LP44361.

Visit to a chief’s son. United Artists Corporation & The Chief Company.
92 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on a story by Robert
Halmi. © United Artists Corporation & The Chief Company; 7Mar74;
LP44361.


LP44362.

Taking it easy. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 29Jan74; LP44362.


LP44363.

L. A. International. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 12Mar74; LP44363.


LP44364.

Sunburn. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12) Appl. au:
Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 19Feb74; LP44364.


LP44365.

Skywatch. Pt. 1. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 26Feb74; LP44365.


LP44366.

Skywatch. Pt. 2. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 5Mar74; LP44366.


LP44367.

Clinic on 18th Street. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Adam-12) Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 13Mar74;
LP44367.


LP44368.

That which survives. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 10Jan69 (in
notice: 1968); LP44368.


LP44369.

A Private little war. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 19Jan68 (in
notice: 1967); LP44369.


LP4470.

The Mark of Gideon. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 3Jan69;
LP44370.


LP44371.

Let that be your last battlefield. Paramount Pictures Corporation.
Produced in association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Star trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation;
10Jan69; LP44371.


LP44372.

The Savage curtain. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 21Feb69;
LP44372.


LP44373.

A Piece of the action. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 12Jan68;
LP44373.


LP44374.

Return to tomorrow. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 26Jan68;
LP44374.


LP44375.

Patterns of force. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 2Feb68;
LP44375.


LP44376.

The Paradise syndrome. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 20Sep68;
LP44376.


LP44377.

And the children shall lead. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 27Sep68;
LP44377.


LP44378.

Is there in truth no beauty? Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 4Oct68;
LP44378.


LP44379.

Elaan of Troyius. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 6Oct68;
LP44379.


LP44380.

Day of the dove. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) ©
Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 18Oct68; LP44380.


LP44381.

For the world is hollow and I have touched the sky. Paramount Pictures
Corporation. Produced in association with Norway Corporation. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway
Corporation; 25Oct68; LP44381.


LP44382.

The Tholian web. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) ©
Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 1Nov68; LP44382.


LP44383.

Wink of any eye. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) ©
Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 15Nov68; LP44383.


LP44384.

The Empath. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association with
Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 22Nov68; LP44384.


LP44385.

Lionel cries uncle. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 25Feb75; LP44385.


LP44386.

George’s skeleton. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 18Feb75; LP44386.


LP44387.

Mister Piano Man. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in association
with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Jeffersons) ©
T.A.T. Communications Company; 11Feb75; LP44387.


LP44388.

Lionel, the playboy. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 4Feb75; LP44388.


LP44389.

George’s family tree. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 22Jan75; LP44389.


LP44390.

Louise feels useless. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 28Jan75; LP44390.


LP44391.

A Friend in need. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in association
with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Jeffersons) ©
T.A.T. Communications Company; 14Jan75; LP44391.


LP44392.

The Phoenix. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 18Feb68;
LP44392.


LP44393.

Lucy the philanthropist. Desilu. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy
show) Based on the book, Life without George, by Irene Kampen. Appl. au:
Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
6Nov67; LP44393.


LP44394.

Mirror, mirror. Desilu. Produced in association with Norway Corporation.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au: Paramount Pictures
Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation;
22Sep67; LP44394.


LP44395.

The Deadly years. Desilu. Produced in association with Norway
Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au: Paramount
Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway
Corporation; 21Nov67; LP44395.


LP44396.

The Bank. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 17Sep67;
LP44396.


LP44397.

Operation: heart. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 8Oct67;
LP44397.


LP44398.

The Seal. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 22Oct67;
LP44398.


LP44399.

Charity. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mission: impossible) Add. ti: Sweet charity. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 29Oct67; LP44399.


LP44400.

The Council. Pt. 1. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 5Nov67;
LP44400.


LP44401.

The Council. Pt. 2. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mission: impossible) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 12Nov67;
LP44401.


LP44402.

You’re in charge? A Health Education Project production. 10 min., sd., b
& w, videotape (½ in.) Appl. au: College of Medicine and Dentistry of
New Jersey. © Health Education Project, College of Medicine and
Dentistry of New Jersey (in notice: College of Medicine and Dentistry of
New Jersey); 5May75; LP44402.


LP44403.

Ouch! A Health Education Project production. 12 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ in.) Appl. au: College of Medicine and Dentistry of New
Jersey. © Health Education Project, College of Medicine and Dentistry of
New Jersey (in notice: College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey);
5May75; LP44403.


LP44404.

Ooh my child, please don’t breathe! A Health Education Project
production. 6 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) Appl. au: College of
Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, © Health Education Project,
College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey (in notice: College of
Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey); 5May75; LP44404.


LP44405.

Love, lead, life. A Health Education Project production. 12 min., sd., b
& w, videotape (½ in.) Appl. au: College of Medicine and Dentistry of
New Jersey. © Health Education Project, College of Medicine and
Dentistry of New Jersey (in notice: College of Medicine and Dentistry of
New Jersey); 5May75; LP44405.


LP44406.

Ooh mi hijo, por favor no respires! A Health Education Project
production. 6 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) Appl. au: College of
Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. © Health Education Project,
College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey (in notice: College of
Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey); 5May75; LP44406.


LP44407.

The Wizard. Films, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Lillian P.
Somersaulter, pen name for Patricia Sauer. © Pajon Arts, Ltd.; 26Nov74;
LP44407.


LP44408.

J. P. Somersaulter’s premiere cartoon cartoon. Films Inc. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Pajon Arts, Ltd. © Pajon Arts, Ltd.; 26Nov74;
LP44408.


LP44409.

Breakout. Persky-Bright & Vista Company. Released by Columbia Pictures
Corporation. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Suggested by a
book by Warren Hinckle, William Turner & Eliot Asinof. © Vista Company;
14Feb75; LP44409.


LP44410.

The Wind and the lion. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 121 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 22May75; LP44410.


LP44411.

Jacqueline Susann’s Once is not enough. Paramount Pictures Corporation.
Produced in association with Sujac Productions, Ltd. & Aries Films, Inc.
121 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novel by
Jacqueline Susann. © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 31Dec74; LP44411.


LP44412.

Lacombe, Lucien. NEF-UPF, Vides-Film & Hallelujah-Film. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox. 137 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © NEF-UPF; 11Oct74;
LP44412.


LP44413.

The TV commercial. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 23Apr74; LP44413.


LP44414.

God’s business is good business. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
b & w, 16 mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 25Feb74; LP44414.


LP44415.

Too old blues. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Feb74; LP44415.


LP44416.

Black Jesus. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Good
times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 11Feb74; LP44416.


LP44417.

House on Greenapple Road. QM Productions. 120 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
From the novel by Harold R. Daniels. © QM Productions; 11Jan70 (in
notice: 1968); LP44417.


LP44418.

A Collection of eagles. QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 1Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP44418.


LP44419.

A Trout in the milk. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 6Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP44419.


LP44420.

The Year of the locusts. QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 9Dec72; LP44420.


LP44421.

Forty-five minutes from home. QM Productions. Produced in association
with Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Streets of San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn
Weston. © QM Productions; 7Oct72; LP44421.


LP44422.

Timelock. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner Brothers
Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San Francisco)
Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM Productions;
11Nov72; LP44422.


LP44423.

The Takers. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner Brothers
Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San Francisco)
Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM Productions;
2Dec72; LP44423.


LP44424.

The Bullet. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner Brothers
Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San Francisco)
Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM Productions;
16Dec72; LP44424.


LP44425.

The Thirty year pin. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 23Sep72; LP44425.


LP44426.

In the midst of strangers. QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 25Nov72; LP44426.


LP44427.

The First day of forever. QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 30Sep72; LP44427.


LP44428.

Hall of mirrors. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 4Nov72; LP44428.


LP44429.

Tower beyond tragedy. QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 26Oct72; LP44429.


LP44430.

Bitter wine. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 23Dec72; LP44430.


LP44431.

Whose little boy are you? QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 14Oct72; LP44431.


LP44432.

The Streets of San Francisco. QM Productions. Produced in association
with Warner Brothers Television. 120 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Streets of San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn
Weston. © QM Productions; 16Sep72; LP44432.


LP44433.

Legion of the lost. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 12Apr73; LP44433.


LP44434.

The Set-up. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner Brothers
Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San Francisco)
Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM Productions;
25Jan73; LP44434.


LP44435.

The Albatross. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 15Mar73; LP44435.


LP44436.

Act of duty. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 18Jan73; LP44436.


LP44437.

A Room with a view. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 8Feb73; LP44437.


LP44438.

Deadline. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner Brothers
Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San Francisco)
Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM Productions;
15Feb73; LP44438.


LP44439.

Trail of the serpent. QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 22Feb73; LP44439.


LP44440.

The Unicorn. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 5Apr73; LP44440.


LP44441.

Shattered image. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 22Mar73; LP44441.


LP44442.

Deathwatch. QM Production. Produced in association with Warner Brothers
Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San Francisco)
Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM Productions;
13Jan73; LP44442.


LP44443.

Beyond vengeance. QM Productions. Produced in association with Warner
Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of San
Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 8Mar73; LP44443.


LP44444.

The House on Hyde Street. QM Productions. Produced in association with
Warner Brothers Television. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Streets of
San Francisco) Based on characters from a novel by Carolyn Weston. © QM
Productions; 1Mar73; LP44444.


LP44445.

Woman in the shadows. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 10Mar74; LP44445.


LP44446.

Image in a cracked mirror. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 24Mar74; LP44446.


LP44447.

Foul play. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby Jones) ©
QM Productions; 31Mar74; LP44447.


LP44448.

A Gold record for murder. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 10Feb74; LP44448.


LP44449.

Rendezvous with terror. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 24Feb74; LP44449.


LP44450.

Dark legacy. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby Jones)
© QM Productions; 4Mar74; LP44450.


LP44451.

Programmed for killing. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 27Jan74; LP44451.


LP44452.

The Platinum connection. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 20Jan74; LP44452.


LP44453.

Venus as in flytrap. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 6Jan74; LP44453.


LP44454.

Incident in San Francisco. QM Productions. Produced in association with
the American Broadcasting Company. 120 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the
novel, Incident at 125th Street, by J. E. Brown. © QM Productions;
28Feb71; LP44454.


LP44455.

Perchance to kill. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 11Mar73; LP44455.


LP44456.

Divorce—murderer’s style. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 28Oct73; LP44456.


LP44457.

Requiem for a son. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 28Jan73; LP44457.


LP44458.

Murder-go-round. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 18Feb73; LP44458.


LP44459.

The Murdering class. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 4Mar73; LP44459.


LP44460.

Sunday: doomsday. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 25Feb73; LP44460.


LP44461.

Trial run for death. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 14Oct73; LP44461.


LP44462.

Death leap. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby Jones)
© QM Productions; 23Sep73; LP44462.


LP44463.

Echo of a murder. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 30Sep73; LP44463.


LP44464.

Fatal flight. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 9Dec73; LP44464.


LP44465.

Secret of the dunes. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 16Dec73; LP44465.


LP44466.

Twenty million alibis. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 6May73; LP44466.


LP44467.

A little glory, a little death. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 29Apr73; LP44467.


LP44468.

To Denise, with love and murder. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 22Apr73; LP44468.


LP44469.

See some evil, do some evil. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 8Apr73; LP44469.


LP44470.

Sing a song of murder. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 1Apr73; LP44470.


LP44471.

Murder in the doll’s house, QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 25Mar73; LP44471.


LP44472.

The Black art of dying. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 25Nov73; LP44472.


LP44473.

Blind terror. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 16Sep73; LP44473.


LP44474.

The Killing defense. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 2Dec73; LP44474.


LP44475.

Stand-in for death. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 11Nov73; LP44475.


LP44476.

The Deadly prize. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 4Nov73; LP44476.


LP44477.

Catch me if you can. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 21Oct73; LP44477.


LP44478.

Day of the viper. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 7Oct73; LP44478.


LP44479.

To catch a dead man. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 4Feb73; LP44479.


LP44480.

Death of a hunter. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 13Feb74; LP44480.


LP44481.

Photo finish. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 2Jan74; LP44481.


LP44482.

The Stalker. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 20Mar74; LP44482.


LP44483.

Where’s Jennifer? QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 23Jan74; LP44483.


LP44484.

Duel in the desert. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 16Jan74; LP44484.


LP44485.

Bobby loved me. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 27Feb74; LP44485.


LP44486.

The Cure that kills. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 20Feb74; LP44486.


LP44487.

Blood money. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 6Feb74; LP44487.


LP44488.

Triangle of terror. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 13Mar74; LP44488.


LP44489.

Death of a stone seahorse. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 17Jan73; LP44489.


LP44490.

Hounds of hell. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 26Sep73; LP44490.


LP44491.

The Lisping man. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 14Nov73; LP44491.


LP44492.

Memo from a dead man. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 19Sep73; LP44492.


LP44493.

Dead lady’s tears. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 7Nov73; LP44493.


LP44494.

Valley of the damned. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 5Dec73; LP44494.


LP44495.

Trial by terror. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 21Nov73; LP44495.


LP44496.

Murder by the numbers. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 28Nov73; LP44496.


LP44497.

A Well remembered terror. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 12Dec73; LP44497.


LP44498.

Arena of fear. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 19Dec73; LP44498.


LF44499.

Night flight to murder. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 17Oct73; LP44499.


LP44500.

Target in the mirror. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 3Oct73; LP44500.


LP44501.

Deadly heritage. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 21Mar73; LP44501.


LP44502.

He who digs a grave. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 12Sep73; LP44502.


LP44503.

Murder by proxy. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 10Oct73; LP44503.


LP44504.

Press pass to the slammer. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 14Mar73; LP44504.


LP44505.

Catch me if you can. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color. 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 7Mar73; LP44505.


LP44506.

The Seventh grave. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 28Feb73; LP44506.


LP44507.

Come watch me die. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 24Oct73; LP44507.


LP44508.

Perfect alibi. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 31Oct73; LP44508.


LP44509.

Prisoners. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 21Feb73; LP44509.


LP44510.

To ride a tiger. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 14Feb73; LP44510.


LP44511.

Murder for murder. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 7Feb73; LP44511.


LP44512.

Moving target. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 31Jan73; LP44512.


LP44513.

The Hard rock roller coaster. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Cannon) © QM Productions; 3Jan73; LP44513.


LP44514.

The Dead Samaritan. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 10Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP44514.


LP44515.

Endangered species. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon)
© QM Productions; 13Dec72; LP44515.


LP44516.

Bad cats and sudden death. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 13Sep72; LP44516.


LP44517.

A Long way down. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 25Oct72; LP44517.


LP44518.

Child of fear. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 15Nov72; LP44518.


LP44519.

Nobody beats the house. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 20Dec72; LP44519.


LP44520.

The Predators. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 18Oct72; LP44520.


LP44521.

The Rip-off. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 1Nov72; LP44521.


LP44522.

Sky above, death below. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cannon) © QM Productions; 20Sep72; LP44522.


LP44523.

Hear no evil. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 29Nov72; LP44523.


LP44524.

That was no lady. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 4Oct72; LP44524.


LP44525.

Stakeout. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 11Oct72; LP44525.


LP44526.

Bitter legion. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) © QM
Productions; 27Sep72; LP44526.


LP44527.

The Shadow man. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cannon) ©
QM Productions; 22Nov72; LP44527.


LP44528.

ABBA presents. ABBA Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub.
23Sep74, MP25809. NM: revisions & additions. © ABBA Productions;
24Apr75; LP44528.


LP44529.

Gloria sings the blues. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 27Feb74; LP44529.


LP44530.

The Taxi caper. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Dec73; LP44530.


LPA4531.

Mike makes his move. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Mar75; LP44531.


LP44532.

The Dinner party. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44532.


LP44533.

The House guest. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w. 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44533.


LP44534.

Thelma’s scholarship. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w. 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Mar75; LP44534.


LP44535.

The Lunch-money ripoff. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Mar75; LP44535.


LP44536.

Rich man’s disease. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 19Mar75; LP44536.


LP44537.

Jenny’s low. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in association with
NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Jeffersons) © T.A.T.
Communications Company; 9Apr75; LP44537.


LP44538.

Mother Jefferson’s boyfriend. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 5Mar75; LP44538.


LP44539.

The Pretty lady and the electronic musicians. Xerox Corporation. Made by
Stephen Bosustow Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Notes on
music) © Xerox Corporation; 19Sep72; LP44539.


LP44540.

The Guitar: from stone age through solid rock. Xerox Corporation. Made
by Stephen Bosustow Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Notes on
music) © Xerox Corporation; 8Jul71; LP44540.


LP44541.

The Beat goes on; or, Percussion from Pleistocene to paradiddle. Xerox
Corporation. Made by Stephen Bosustow Productions. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Notes on music) Add. ti: The Beats go on: Percussion from
Pleistocene to paradiddle. © Xerox Corporation; 12May71; LP44541.


                                   LU


LU3680.

Up the girls! Jack O’Connell. 100 min., color, 35 mm. © Jack O’Connell;
24Dec74; LU3680.


LU3681.

The Old woman by the tree. Idell Tarlow (Idell Tarlow Royere) 35 min.,
sd., color. © William Royere known as Ara & Idell Tarlow Royere known as
Aya; 18Nov74; LU3681.


LU3682.

Last free ride. Roy Nolan Films, Inc. 101 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Roy
Nolan Films, Inc.; 20Jan75; LU3682.


LU3683.

The Flight of Icarus. Saint Agnes School. Produced in cooperation with
the Arbor Hill Elementary School. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Beverly Pimsleur. © Beverly Pimsleur & Lynn Simek; 10Feb75; LU3683.


LU3684.

Doctor Petronius, seducer of women. Snow Leopard Films. 55 min., sd., b
& w. Appl. au: Herbert Jean de Grasse. © Herbert Jean de Grasse d.b.a.
Snow Leopard Films; 18Feb75; LU3684.


LU3685.

Psychodrama in action. Frank S. Gyles. 28 min., sd., color. © Frank S.
Gyles & James L. Zacharias; 19Mar75; LU3685.


LU3686.

The Victorian way (Of a man with a maid). Astral Presentations, Inc. 90
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Astral Presentations, Inc.; 16Mar75; LU3686.


LU3687.

Sinister flesh. Fred Greenberg & Stanley J. Sheff. 68 min., si., b & w,
16 mm. © Fred Greenberg; 20Mar75; LU3687.


LU3688.

Lizzie. Frank S. Gyles. 29 min., sd., color. © Frank S. Gyles; 20Dec74;
LU3688.


LU3689.

I am much more. Paul Gus Carlos. 15 min., sd. © Paul G. Carlos; 16Apr75;
LU3689.


LU3690.

EO. Michael Wayne Langenstein. 7 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Michael
Wayne Langenstein; 12Feb75; LU3690.


LU3691.

A Yiddish lesson. Lester Simon. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lester
Simon; 10Feb75; LU3691.


LU3692.

Welcome to Pepperland. Mark Lapidos Productions, Ltd. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Mark Lapidos. © Mark Lapidos Productions, Ltd.;
23May75; LU3692.


LU3693.

Soup du jour. Anonymous Releasing Triumvirate, Inc. 90 min., color. ©
Anonymous Releasing Triumvirate, Inc.; 25Apr75; LU3693.


                                   MP


MP26086.

Land of the coati. Mutual of Omaha. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual
of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Add. ti: Land of the coati-mundi. NM:
additions. © Mutual of Omaha; 3Nov74; MP26086.


MP26087.

Choose your weapon. Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith, Inc. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith,
Inc.; 17Sep74; MP26087.


MP26088.

Poet. James M. Saelzler. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Jim Saelzler
Cinematography; 19Nov74; MP26088.


MP26089.

Before you take that bite. FilmFair Communications. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Add. ti: Before you take that bite (nutrition) Appl. au:
FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 5Nov74; MP26089.


MP26090.

Thumbs down (hitchhiking) FilmFair Communications. 17 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 8Oct74; MP26090.


MP26091.

Free to choose. FilmFair Communications. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 10Oct74; MP26091.


MP26092.

Mind and body—their integration through the science of creative
intelligence. A Miufilm presentation. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Maharishi International University. © Maharishi International
University; 1Nov74; MP26092.


MP26093.

The Relationship of higher education to the quality of life. A Miufilm
presentation. 47 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Maharishi
International University. © Maharishi International University; 1Nov74;
MP26093.


MP26094.

Fractions: some operations with fractions. Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Intermediate mathematics) Add. ti: Fractions
2: some operations with fractions. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions;
15Oct74; MP26094.


MP26095.

Fractions: what are fractions and how are they used? Elizabeth I.
Werrenrath. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Beginning mathematics) Add. ti:
Fractions 1: what are fractions and how are they used? ©
Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Oct74; MP26095.


MP26096.

Report writing. A production of Woroner Films. Released by Motorola. 28
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) © Woroner Films, Inc.;
28Nov74; MP26096.


MP26097.

Safe in recreation. FilmFair Communications. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 19Nov74; MP26097.


MP26098.

The Boy who didn’t listen. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 22Nov74; MP26098.


MP26099.

Woman candidate. Blue Ridge Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Lucyann Kerry. © Lucyann Kerry; 15Aug74; MP26099.


MP26100.

The Great dinosaur discovery. A KBYU-TV production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Brigham Young University, KBYU-TV. © KBYU-TV, solely
owned by Brigham Young University; 27Oct73; MP26100.


MP26101.

Incendio. The Public Affairs Division of the National Fire Protection
Association. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Fire Protection
Association; 30Sep74; MP26101.


MP26102.

Focus on ability. The American National Red Cross. 22 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © The American National Red Cross; 14Nov74; MP26102.


MP26103.

Drinking water alert. Seven Oaks Productions & Concern, Inc. in
association with the United States Environmental Protection Agency. 28
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Seven Oaks/Concern, Inc. Productions, a
division of Starbecker, Inc.; 25Jun74; MP26103.


MP26104.

1975 maximum mileage system (all things considered) General Motors
Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General
Motors Corporation; 16Aug74; MP26104.


MP26105.

Call of the whale. Pt. 2. Mutual of Omaha. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) NM: additions. © Mutual of Omaha;
8Dec74; MP26105.


MP26106.

Call of the whale. Pt. 1. Mutual of Omaha. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) NM: additions. © Mutual of Omaha;
1Dec74; MP26106.


MP26107.

Program design: the self-structured way. Girls Clubs of America, Inc. 22
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Girls Clubs of America, Inc.; 21Nov73;
MP26107.


MP26108.

Goodnight Irene. William G. Young & Edward D. Keren. 7 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © William G. Young & Edward D. Keren; 20Dec74; MP26108.


MP26109.

The Golden Days of Radio. Film no. 2. Rick Scarry. 40 min., sd.,
videotape (¾ inch) Appl. au: Frank Bresee. © Frank Bresee; 5Dec74;
MP26109.


MP26110.

Development and differentiation. CRM Productions. 22 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Biology today) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. NM:
compilation & additions. © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 9Dec74;
MP26110.


MP26111.

Mother tiger, mother tiger. A Teleketics presentation. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Contemporary family series) (American family series)
Appl. au: Franciscan Communications Center. © Franciscan Communications
Center; 1Dec74; MP26111.


MP26112.

Check-in time. A Teleketics presentation. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Contemporary family series) Appl. au: Franciscan Communications Center.
© Franciscan Communications Center; 1Dec74; MP26112.


MP26113.

Beachhead in paradise. 25th Century Ensemble. 21 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: Max Hartstein. © Max Hartstein; 7Sep74; MP26113.


MP26114.

We’re not afraid anymore. Parnassus Productions. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Prev. reg. as MU9143. © Stuart Arden d.b.a. Parnassus Productions;
1Oct74; MP26114.


MP26115.

Antonia. Judy Collins & Jill Godmilow. 58 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add.
ti: Antonia: a portrait of the woman. © Rocky Mountain Productions,
Inc.; 15Mar74; MP26115.


MP26116.

Joseph Fraunhofer: diffraction. Alfred Leitner. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute & Alfred Leitner; 1Nov74;
MP26116.


MP26117.

Joseph Fraunhofer: dispersion. Alfred Leitner. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute & Alfred Leitner; 1Nov74;
MP26117.


MP26118.

Metric measurement. Film 1. Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Beginning mathematics) © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions;
1Nov74; MP26118.


MP26119.

Metric measurement. Film 2. Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Intermediate mathematics) © Goldberg-Werrenrath
Productions; 1Nov74; MP26119.


MP26120.

Woo who? May Wilson. Amalie R. Rothschild. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Amalie R. Rothschild; 21Mar70; MP26120.


MP26121.

Nana, Mom and me. Amalie R. Rothschild. 47 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Amalie R. Rothschild; 15Sep74; MP26121.


MP26122.

Capital transfer. Professional Selling Institute, Inc. 15 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Series of the greats) © Professional
Selling Institute, Inc.; 20Sep74; MP26122.


MP26123.

It’s your business. Ross Roy, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 28Aug74; MP26123.


MP26124.

Technique of titration. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Basic laboratory techniques in chemistry) Add. ti:
Techniques of titration. © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); MP26124.


MP26125.

Using the Bunsen burner and working with glass. Warren Schloat
Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Basic laboratory
techniques in chemistry) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); MP26125.


MP26126.

Use of the triple beam balance. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Basic laboratory techniques in chemistry) ©
Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP26126.


MP26127.

Handling, transferring and filtering chemicals. Warren Schloat
Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Basic laboratory
techniques is chemistry) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); MP26127.


MP26128.

Measuring volumes of liquids. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Basic laboratory techniques in chemistry) © Warren
Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP26128.


MP26129.

Willis Reed: center play. Saturday House. Released by Warren Schloat
Productions, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Willis Reed
basketball series) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Jun73 (in
notice: 1972); MP26129.


MP26130.

JoJo white: offensive guard. Saturday House. Released by Warren Schloat
Productions, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Willis Reed
basketball series) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Jun73 (in
notice: 1972); MP26130.


MP26131.

Jack Marin: forward play. Saturday House. Released by Warren Schloat
Productions, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Willis Reed
basketball series) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Jun73 (in
notice: 1972); MP26131.


MP26132.

Dick Van Arsdale: defensive play. Saturday House. Released by Warren
Schloat Productions, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Willis Reed
basketball series) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1Jun73 (in
notice: 1972); MP26132.


MP26133.

Plant cell and reproductive parts. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 7
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Life cycle of a flowering plant) © Warren
Schloat Productions, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP26133.


MP26134.

Meiosis. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Life cycle of a flowering plant) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.;
1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP26134.


MP26135.

Mitosis. Warren Schloat Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Life cycle of a flowering plant) © Warren Schloat Productions, Inc.;
1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP26135.


MP26136.

Monitos—portrait of an artisan family. Severo Perez. Distributed by
FilmFair Communications. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Severo Perez;
5Jun74; MP26136.


MP26137.

Basic terms. Tel-A-Train, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch)
in cassette. Add. ti: Basic terms of maintenance. © Tel-A-Train, Inc.;
15Sep74; MP26137.


MP26138.

Night and day. A Tiki production. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Edwin Shapiro. © Edwin Shapiro; 13Mar74; MP26138.


MP26139.

Doctor Lollipop meets the otoscope. Lollipop Film Productions. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Lollipop Film Productions; 18Dec74; MP26139.


MP26140.

Dandelions. West Wind Productions, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
West Wind Productions, Inc.; 16Dec74; MP26140.


MP26141.

Cottonwood. West Wind Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
West Wind Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74; MP26141.


MP26142.

Indian jewelry. Cloud 3 TV Merchandising, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Cloud 3 TV Merchandising, Inc.; 20Oct74; MP26142.


MP26143.

Warm current against a cold coast. Honor O’Connor. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Add. ti: Warm current against cold coast. © Honor O’Connor;
19Dec74; MP26143.


MP26144.

Preliminary examination—armed robbery. Woroner Films, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Evidence training series) Appl. au: National District
Attorneys Association. © National District Attorneys Association;
19Dec74; MP26144.


MP26145.

Drugs identification and chain of custody. Woroner Films, Inc. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Evidence training series) Add. ti: Drug
identification and chain of custody. Appl. au: National District
Attorneys Association. © National District Attorneys Association;
19Dec74; MP26145.


MP26146.

Corpus delicti—homicide. Woroner Films, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Evidence training series) Appl. au: National District Attorneys
Association. © National District Attorneys Association; 19Dec74;
MP26146.


MP26147.

Line-up identification testimony—armed robbery. Woroner Films, Inc. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Evidence training series) Appl. au: National
District Attorneys Association. © National District Attorneys
Association; 19Dec74; MP26147.


MP26148.

Hearing on competency to stand trial. Woroner Films, Inc. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Evidence training series) Appl. au: National District
Attorneys Association. © National District Attorneys Association;
19Dec74; MP26148.


MP26149.

Fingerprint I.D.—burglary. Woroner Films, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Evidence training series) Add. ti: Fingerprint identification.
Appl. au: National District Attorneys Association. © National District
Attorneys Association; 19Dec74; MP26149.


MP26150.

Breath test—D.U.I. Woroner Films, Inc. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Evidence training series) Appl. au: National District Attorneys
Association. © National District Attorneys Association; 19Dec74;
MP26150.


MP26151.

Question of consent—rape. Woroner Films, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Evidence training series) Appl. au: National District Attorneys
Association. © National District Attorneys Association; 19Dec74;
MP26151.


MP26152.

Paint the rain. Hallel Communication Center. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Panfilms—Saint John Nepomucene Church. © Panfilms—Hallel
Communication Center, alternative designation for Saint John Nepomucene
Church (in notice: Hallel Communication Center); 1Jul74; MP26152.


MP26153.

Hand to hand. Panfilms. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a.a.d.
for Saint John Nepomucene Church; 15Aug74; MP26153.


MP26154.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 14. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 23Jan72; MP26154.


MP26155.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 24. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 9Apr72; MP26155.


MP26156.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 2. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 26Nov72; MP26156.


MP26161.

Animals and what they do. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Oct74; MP26161.


MP26162.

Servicing Chrysler’s 100-ampere alternator and 1.8 horsepower starter
motor. Ross Roy, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master
technicians service conference, session no. 75–3) © Chrysler
Corporation; 14Nov74; MP26162.


M26163.

1975 Dart versus Nova and Maverick. Ross Roy, Inc. 12 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Dart Sport, Nova, Maverick comparison. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 22Nov74; MP26163.


MP26164.

1975 Duster and Valiant versus Nova and Maverick. Ross Roy, Inc. 12
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Duster, Nova, Maverick
comparison. © Chrysler Corporation; 22Nov74; MP26164.


MP26165.

Dodge station wagon comparison. Ross Roy, Inc. 12 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Dodge station wagon comparison. © Chrysler
Corporation; 3Dec74; MP26165.


MP26166.

Transactional analysis. CRM Productions, Inc. 31 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Behavior and business film series) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis
Publishing Company. © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 14Dec74; MP26166.


MP26167.

Productivity and the self-fulfilling prophecy: The Pygmalion effect. CRM
Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Behavior and business
film series) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. NM: compilation &
additions. © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 14Dec74; MP26167.


MP26168.

Leadership: style or circumstance. CRM Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Behavior and business film series) Appl. au:
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 14Dec74;
MP26168.


MP26169.

Pontiac Astre versus competition. General Motors Corporation. 5 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: 1975 Astre versus
competition; 1975 Astre versus the competition. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 23Dec74; MP26169.


MP26170.

Pontiac Bonneville versus LeSabre, Caprice Classic and Delta 88 Royale.
General Motors Corporation. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Add. ti: 1975 Pontiac versus Chevrolet, Oldsmobile and Buick;
1975 Pontiacs versus Chevrolet, Oldsmobile and Buick. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 23Dec74; MP26170.


MP26171.

Pontiac Ventura versus competition. General Motors Corporation. 5 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: 1975 Ventura versus
competition; 1975 Ventura versus the competition. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 23Dec74; MP26171.


MP26172.

Pontiac LeMans and Catalina versus Ford Torino and LTD Brougham. General
Motors Corporation. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add.
ti: 1975 Pontiac versus Ford Motor Company. © General Motors Corporation
(in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corporation);
23Dec74; MP26172.


MP26173.

1975 Oldsmobile station wagons. General Motors Corporation. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Oldsmobile station wagons. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 26Dec74; MP26173.


MP26174.

The Stars are beautiful. Stan Brakhage. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Stan Brakhage; 22Dec74; MP26174.


MP26175.

Who’s who in the zoo? Centron Corporation, Inc. Made by Centron
Educational Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation,
Inc.; 2Oct74; MP26175.


MP26176.

Bike-wise, to be sure. Centron Corporation, Inc. Made by Centron
Educational Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation,
Inc.; 21Oct74; MP26176.


MP26177.

Caught in a rip-off. Centron Corporation, Inc. Made by Centron
Educational Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation,
Inc.; 14Nov74; MP26177.


MP26178.

Ideal gas law. Kalmia Company. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl. au: John T.
Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26178.


MP26179.

Deviations from ideal gas. Kalmia Company. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl. au: John
T. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26179.


MP26180.

Brownian motion and random walk. Kalmia Company. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl.
au: John T. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26180.


MP26181.

Pressure, volume and Boyle’s Law. Kalmia Company. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl.
au: John T. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26181.


MP26182.

Graham’s Law. Kalmia Company. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl. au: John T.
Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26182.


MP26183.

Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution. Kalmia Company. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl.
au: John T. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26183.


MP26184.

Gravitational distribution. Kalmia Company. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl. au: John
T. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26184.


MP26185.

Dalton’s Law. Kalmia Company. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl. au: John T.
Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26185.


MP26186.

Avogadro’s principle. Kalmia Company. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl. au: John T.
Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26186.


MP26187.

Heating, cooling and Charles’ law. Kalmia Company. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer animation) Appl.
au: John T. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26187.


MP26188.

Temperature, energy and thermal equilibrium. Kalmia Company. 3 min.,
si., color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Kinetic theory by computer
animation) Appl. au: John T. Fitch. © Kalmia Company; 28Feb74; MP26188.


MP26189.

2nd city seen. CBS, Inc. 90 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © CBS, Inc.;
17Aug74; MP26189.


MP26190.

Basic tumbling skills. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. of Beginning tumbling. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Nov74;
MP26190.


MP26191.

Heavy and light. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 20Dec74; MP26191.


MP26192.

Colonial hydroids (Obelia, Pennaria) Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Transparent animals) ©
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 31Jul74; MP26192.


MP26193.

The Living animal cell. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) © Harper and
Row, Publishers, Inc.; 31Jul74; MP26193.


MP26194.

Ciliary and flagellar movement. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 6 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) ©
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.; 31Jul74; MP26194.


MP26195.

1975 Ramcharger. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec74; MP26195.


MP26196.

1975 Plymouth Voyager. The Ins and outs to value. Chrysler Corporation.
17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler
Corporation; 19Dec74; MP26196.


MP26197.

1975 Trail Duster. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 19Dec74; MP26197.


MP26198.

1975 Dodge Sportsman. The Ins and outs to value. Chrysler Corporation.
17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Dodge Sportsman. The Ins
and outs of value. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
19Dec74; MP26198.


MP26199.

The New columm (sic) shift three-speed A-390 manual transmission.
Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master
technicians service conference, session no. 75–4) Add. ti: The New A-390
three-speed manual transmission. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler
Corporation; 23Dec74; MP26199.


MP26200.

1975 Val. Brougham and Dart S.E. versus Granada and Nova LN. Chrysler
Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 27Dec74; MP26200.


MP26201.

1975 Valiant, Duster and Dart versus Nova and Maverick. Chrysler
Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 27Dec74. MP26201.


MP26202.

Coronet/Fury versus Torino/Chevelle. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti: 1975 Coronet and Fury versus Torino and
Chevelle. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 27Dec74;
MP26202.


MP26203.

The Misery of choice. Chrysler Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 30Dec74; MP26203.


MP26204.

The Great betrayal. Clark Equipment—Industrial Truck Division. Made by
Marketing Services Department, TEP Group. Produced in cooperation with
the National Safety Council. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Clark
Equipment Company; 25Aug74; MP26204.


MP26205.

Baja: a road to manhood. American Honda Motor Company, Inc. Made by
Vik-Winkle Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American
Honda Motor Company, Inc.; 17Sep74; MP26205.


MP26206.

For goodness’ snakes. The Learning Garden. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Dan Bessie. © The Learning Garden; 1Sep73; MP26206.


MP26207.

The Forgotten resource. Aggregates and Concrete Association of Northern
California, Inc. Made by The Production Company. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Aggregates and Concrete Association of Northern California, Inc.
(in notice: The Aggregate and Concrete Association of Northern
California); 15Nov73; MP26207.


MP26208.

Stored plastics, a different fire hazard. Factory Mutual Engineering
Corporation. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Bay State Film
Productions, Inc. © Factory Mutual Engineering Corporation; 15Oct74;
MP26208.


MP26209.

Making the invisible visible. Nathan W. Ackerman Family Institute, Inc.
59 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ inch) © Nathan W. Ackerman Family
Institute, Inc.; 6Apr74; MP26209.


MP26210.

Reading: an introduction. Educational Media Division of Jab Press, Inc.
25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Albert J. Mazurkiewicz & Joel E.
Ginsburg. © Jab Press, Inc.; 5Aug74; MP26210.


MP26211.

This is New Orleans. Colortronics, Inc. 36 min., sd., color, videotape
(¾ inch) © Colortronics, Inc., subsidiary of Malter International
Corporation (in notice: Colortronics); 1Sep74; MP26211.


MP26212.

Standard cost accounting. Arthur Andersen and Company. 11 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training
course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26212.


MP26213.

Control requirements of a manufacturing corporation. Arthur Andersen and
Company. 33 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative
services staff training course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74;
MP26213.


MP26214.

Systems test, conversion and follow-up. Arthur Andersen and Company. 9
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff
training course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26214.


MP26215.

Systems installation: relationship to other phases of the engagement.
Arthur Andersen and Company. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch)
(Administrative services staff training course) © Arthur Andersen and
Company; 4Nov74; MP26215.


MP26216.

Financial planning and reporting practice. Arthur Andersen and Company.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff
training course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26216.


MP26217.

Responsibility reporting. Arthur Andersen and Company. 27 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training
course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26217.


MP26218.

Preparation of recommendations. Arthur Andersen and Company. 20 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training
course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26218.


MP26219.

The Firm’s audit practice. Arthur Andersen and Company. 27 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training
course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26219.


MP26220.

Introduction to cost and inventory accounting. Arthur Andersen and
Company. 49 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative
services staff training course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74;
MP26220.


MP26221.

What is a systems engagement? Arthur Andersen and Company. 20 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training
course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26221.


MP26222.

Administrative services staff training course introduction. Arthur
Andersen and Company. 17 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch)
(Administrative services staff training course) © Arthur Andersen and
Company; 4Nov74; MP26222.


MP26223.

Marketing responsibilities overview. Arthur Andersen and Company. 28
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff
training course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26223.


MP26224.

Overview of MAC-PAC approach. Arthur Andersen and Company. 22 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training
course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26224.


MP26225.

Administrative services staff training school preview. Arthur Andersen
and Company. 8 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative
services staff training course) © Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74;
MP26225.


MP26226.

Annual planning. Arthur Andersen and Company. 26 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training course) ©
Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26226.


MP26227.

Industry variations. Arthur Andersen and Company. 30 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ inch) (Administrative services staff training course) ©
Arthur Andersen and Company; 4Nov74; MP26227.


MP26228.

The Living cell. Harper and Row Media. Made by Bay State Film
Productions, Inc. Released by Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 29 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Robert Day Allen. © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 15Oct72; MP26228.


MP26229.

Breathe in, breathe out. National Foundation—March of Dimes. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The National Foundation; 15Mar74; MP26229.


MP26230.

Dance of the grebes. Pt. 2. Mutual of Omaha. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 17Jan75; MP26230.


MP26231.

Dance of the grebes. Pt. 1. Mutual of Omaha. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 10Jan75; MP26231.


MP26232.

Operation rhino. Mutual of Omaha. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual of
Omaha’s Wild kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 29Dec74; MP26232.


MP26233.

Cebus monkeys of Barro Colorado Island: ecology and behavior. John R.
Oppenheimer. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John R. Oppenheimer; 5Sep74;
MP26233.


MP26234.

Ball handling. Lord and King Associates, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Women’s basketball) Appl. au: Robert H. O’Donnell. © Lord and King
Associates, Inc.; 25Nov74; MP26234.


MP26235.

Basic skills. Lord and King Associates, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Women’s basketball) Appl. au: Robert H. O’Donnell. © Lord and King
Associates, Inc.; 25Nov74; MP26235.


MP26236.

No substitute for Weck quality. Edward Weck and Company, Inc. Made by
Leigh Photographs. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Edward Weck and Company,
Inc.; 21Oct74; MP26236.


MP26237.

The Moot court. American Bar Association. Made by Guggenheim
Productions, Inc. 90 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Legal services for all
Americans) © American Bar Association; 13Nov74; MP26237.


MP26238.

The Legal clinic. American Bar Association. Made by Guggenheim
Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Legal services for all
Americans) © American Bar Association; 13Nov74; MP26238.


MP26239.

The Problem. American Bar Association. Made by Guggenheim Productions,
Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w. 16 mm. (Legal services for all Americans) ©
American Bar Association; 13Nov74; MP26239.


MP26240.

Some solutions. American Bar Association. Made by Ealing Films. 30 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Legal services for all Americans) © American Bar
Association; 13Nov74; MP26240.


MP26241.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 26. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © CBS
News; 23Apr72; MP26241.


MP26242.

Triangle of conflict: China, Russia, and the United States. CBS News. 30
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Who, what, when, where, why) Appl. au:
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc, © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
17Nov69; MP26242.


MP26243.

The Arms debate. CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News
special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Aug70; MP26243.


MP26244.

The Correspondents report: end of a decade. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b &
w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 26Dec69; MP26244.


MP26245.

Where we stand in Indochina. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 29Jun70;
MP26245.


MP26246.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. 574. Ambassador College, a subsidiary
of the Worldwide Church of God. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch)
in cassette. © Ambassador College, a subsidiary of the Worldwide Church
of God; 3Mar74; MP26246.


MP26247.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. 571. Ambassador College, a subsidiary
of Worldwide Church of God. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) in
cassette. © Worldwide Church of God; 17Mar74; MP26247.


MP26248.

Violation—entering a street from a private drive. And other titles.
Golden Coast Film Productions. 7 motion pictures, sd., color, 16 mm.
(Bicycle safety TV spots) © Golden Coast Film Productions; 20Oct74;
MP26248.


MP26249.

Cloud over the Coral Reef. Moonlight Productions. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Lee Tepley. © Lee Tepley; 20Aug71; MP26249.


MP26250.

We did it for you. Rainbows United, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Linda G. Weir. © Rainbows United, Inc.; 8Jun74; MP26250.


MP26251.

Basic electricity 1. Tel-A-Train, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
inch) in cassette. © Tel-A-Train, Inc.; 5Aug74; MP26251.


MP26252.

Basic electricity 2. Tel-A-Train, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
inch) in cassette. © Tel-A-Train, Inc.; 5Aug74; MP26252.


MP26253.

Film ways to reading. Palisades Educational Films. Released by American
Educational Films. © Louis Kisner d.b.a. Palisades Educational Films;
1Mar72; MP26253.


MP26254.

Planning for the future. Aetna Life and Casualty. Made by Aetna Life and
Casualty, Public Relations and Advertising Department. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Money management and family financial planning) © Aetna
Life and Casualty; 15Dec74; MP26254.


MP26255.

The Universal flame. The Theosophical Society in America. Made by
Hartley Productions, Inc. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Quest Books
film) © The Theosophical Society in America; 1Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
MP26255.


MP26256.

Illustrious Goethe. George Michael Callaghan. 30 seconds, sd., color, 16
mm. © George Michael Callaghan; 1Sep74; MP26256.


MP26257.

Lucky you. Safety Department, Union Pacific Railroad. 15 min., sd.,
color and b & w, 16 mm. NM: compilation. © Union Pacific Railroad;
22Oct74; MP26257.


MP26258.

Teeth are good things to have. Johnson and Johnson. Made by Young and
Rubicam International, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Johnson and
Johnson; 27Aug73; MP26258.


MP26259.

The Arab-Israeli conflict. Atlantis Productions, Inc. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: J. Michael Hagopian. NM: compilation. © Atlantis
Productions, Inc.; 1May74; MP26259.


MP26260.

Israel, its history and people. Atlantis Productions, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: J. Michael Hagopian. NM: compilation. © Atlantis
Productions, Inc.; 1Jun74; MP26260.


MP26261.

Force of wind. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
9Sep74; MP26261.


MP26262.

Light travels through space. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday
and Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 23May74; MP26262.


MP26263.

Conservation of matter. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 23May74; MP26263.


MP26264.

Light is reflected. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 9Sep74; MP26264.


MP26265.

Heat of friction. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 10Apr74; MP26265.


MP26266.

How force is measured. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 23May74; MP26266.


MP26267.

The Gear. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 10Apr74;
MP26267.


MP26268.

The Screw. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 3May74;
MP26268.


MP26269.

Friction. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 9Sep74;
MP26269.


MP26270.

The Wheel and crank. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 6Feb74; MP26270.


MP26271.

Acceleration. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
23May74; MP26271.


MP26272.

Physical change. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 6Dec73; MP26272.


MP26273.

Air pressure. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
6Dec73; MP26273.


MP26274.

Density. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. 3
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 6Dec73;
MP26274.


MP26275.

Action—reaction. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 18Dec73; MP26275.


MP26276.

Hot air rises. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
3Dec73; MP26276.


MP26277.

The Pulley. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
6Feb74; MP26277.


MP26278.

Wind at work. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
20Jun73; MP26278.


MP26279.

Electricity from water and gravity. Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday and Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday
and Company, Inc.; 20Jun73; MP26279.


MP26280.

Ladybug: a friend of man. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday
and Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 27Jun73; MP26280.


MP26281.

The Ladybug life cycle. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 20Jun73; MP26281.


MP26282.

The Inclined plane. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 21Feb74; MP26282.


MP26283.

The Lever. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 21Feb74;
MP26283.


MP26284.

Thermal insulation. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 9Sep74; MP26284.


MP26285.

Light is refracted. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 3May74; MP26285.


MP26286.

What is light? Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
9Sep74; MP26286.


MP26287.

The Pursuit of youth. NBC News. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
National Broadcasting Company, Inc. © The National Broadcasting Company,
Inc.; 26May74; MP26287.


MP26288.

The Russian connection. The National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 51 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 14Jun74;
MP26288.


MP26289.

The Energy crisis: American solutions. Pt. 1. The National Broadcasting
Company, Inc. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (An NBC News white paper) ©
The National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 20Mar74; MP26289.


MP26290.

The Energy crisis: American solutions. Pt. 2. The National Broadcasting
Company, Inc. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (An NBC News white paper) ©
The National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 27Mar74; MP26290.


MP26291.

Know your combine corn. International Harvester Company. 14 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company;
2Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP26291.


MP26292.

Mount-O-Matic loader. International Harvester Company. 5 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Point of proof) © International
Harvester Company; 1Jul74; MP26292.


MP26293.

760 disk harrow. International Harvester Company. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Point of proof) © International Harvester
Company; 3Jun74; MP26293.


MP26294.

50/60 shredders. International Harvester Company. 8 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Point of proof) © International Harvester
Company; 1Apr74; MP26294.


MP26295.

70/100 hydrostatic tractors. International Harvester Company. 14 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Point of proof) © International Harvester
Company; 1Apr74; MP26295.


MP26296.

Know your cyclo planter. International Harvester Company. 17 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Point of proof) © International Harvester Company;
1Apr74; MP26296.


MP26297.

International 9000 highlift forklift. International Harvester Company. 8
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Point of proof) © International Harvester
Company; 3Jun74; MP26297.


MP26298.

Manure spreader. International Harvester Company. 9 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. (Point of proof) © International Harvester Company; 1Jul74;
MP26298.


MP26299.

International engine oil. International Harvester Company. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Point of proof) © International Harvester Company;
2Sep74; MP26299.


MP26300.

The Poisoned sea. Moonlight Productions. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Lee Tepley. © Lee Tepley; 5Sep73; MP26300.


MP26301.

City government. Jim Saelzler Cinematography. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Jim Saelzler Cinematography; 19Nov74; MP26301.


MP26302.

60 second spot: The Making of a television commercial. Mandlinfilm, Inc.
Released by Pyramid Films, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Harvey Mandlin. © Harvey Mandlin; 30Jun74 (in notice: 1973); MP26302.


MP26303.

Liver biopsy: an approach to nonspecific findings. Division of
Educational Media Services of the American Society of Clinical
Pathologists. 35 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) in cartridge. (The
Professional education series) Appl. au: Robert L. Peters. © American
Society of Clinical Pathologists; 2Jan75; MP26303.


MP26304.

Overcoming technical errors in the histologic preparation of lymph
nodes. Division of Educational Media Services of the American Society of
Clinical Pathologists. 23 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ inch) in
cartridge. (The Professional education series) Appl. au: Costan W.
Berard & Mary C. Bowling. © American Society of Clinical Pathologists;
2Jan75; MP26304.


MP26305.

How to create a sale. Chrysler Corporation. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 12
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corporation; 23Jan75; MP26305.


MP26306.

Corrosion in action. International Nickel Company, Inc. Made by Film
Graphics, Inc., revised by Cinema 65, Inc. 43 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Prev. reg. 2Apr52, MU5378 – MU5380. NM: additional cinematographic work.
© The International Nickel Company, Inc.; 1Aug74; MP26306.


MP26307.

Personalizing. Human Resource Development Press, Inc. 32 min., sd., b &
w, videotape (½ inch) (The Art of helping, 3) © Human Resource
Development Press, Inc.; 1May74; MP26307.


MP26308.

Initiating. Human Resource Development Press, Inc. 31 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ inch) (The Art of helping, 4) © Human Resource Development
Press, Inc.; 1May74; MP26308.


MP26309.

The Big three. Diverse Industries, Inc. 12 min., si., b & w, Super 8 mm.
© Diverse Industries, Inc.; 2Jan75; MP26309.


MP26310.

What is a circle? Bill Helvey Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Bill Helvey. © Bill Helvey; 1Feb75; MP26310.


MP26311.

This Britain: heritage of the sea. National Geographic Society & Wolper
Productions. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society;
18Dec74; MP26311.


MP26312.

Anti-friction bearings installation and removal. Marshall Maintenance.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 31Dec74; MP26312.


MP26313.

Yag diamonds. Cloud 3 TV Merchandising, Inc. 30 seconds, sd., color, 16
mm. © Cloud 3 TV Merchandising, Inc.; 17Nov74; MP26313.


MP26314.

Fun with music. Isabel Bogorad Fleiss. 18 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½
inch) © Isabel Bogorad Fleiss; 25Sep74; MP26314.


MP26315.

Isabelly. Isabel Bogorad Fleiss. 10 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ inch)
© Isabel Bogorad Fleiss; 27Sep74; MP26315.


MP26316.

Go ye into all the world. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints. Made by Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 6Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP26316.


MP26317.

Family album. Clayton-Davis-Williams and Associates, Inc. Released by
ACI. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Clayton-Davis, Inc. ©
Clayton-Davis, Inc.; 1Oct74; MP26317.


MP26318.

Industrial development. Tom Alesse. Distributed by Amherst Media, Inc.
17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Tom Alesse; 15Nov74; MP26318.


MP26319.

Communication: the nonverbal agenda. CRM Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Behavior and business film series) Appl. au:
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 5Feb75
(in notice: 1974); MP26319.


MP26320.

It began with birds. National Audubon Society. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © National Audubon Society; 25Nov74; MP26320.


MP26321.

Foam lady (Ben-Gay) Pfizer, Inc. 30 seconds, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Pfizer, Inc.; 7Oct74; MP26321.


MP26322.

Boulder. Pfizer, Inc. 30 seconds, sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.;
18Nov74; MP26322.


MP26323.

User protection program (Hai Karate) Pfizer, Inc. 30 seconds, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 6Dec74; MP26323.


MP26324.

Fire under the sea: the origin of pillow lava. Moonlight Productions. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Lee Tepley. © Lee Tepley; 30Aug74 (in
notice: 1971); MP26324.


MP26325.

The Family: radical living. Communications Foundation, Inc. Made by Burt
Martin Associates. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Search) © Communications
Foundation, Inc.; 1Sep74; MP26325.


MP26326.

The Family: too old to dream? Communications Foundation, Inc. Made by
Burt Martin Associates. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Search) ©
Communications Foundation, Inc.; 1Sep74; MP26326.


MP26327.

The Family: how to be happy though married, or divorced. Communications
Foundation, Inc. Made by Burt Martin Associates. 25 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Search) © Communications Foundation, Inc.; 1Sep74; MP26327.


MP26328.

The Family: marriage and manipulation. Communications Foundation, Inc.
Made by Burt Martin Associates. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Search) ©
Communications Foundation, Inc.; 1Sep74; MP26328.


MP26329.

Jane: a basic interview. Exploration, understanding and action. Human
Resource Development Press, Inc. 29 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ inch)
(Art of helping videotape series) © Human Resource Development Press,
Inc.; 1May74; MP26329.


MP26330.

Responding. Human Resource Development Press, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ inch) (The Art of helping, 2) © Human Resource Development
Press, Inc.; 1May74; MP26330.


MP26331.

Manny: an intermediate interview. Exploration and understanding through
immediacy. Human Resource Development Press, Inc. 45 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ inch) (The Art of helping) © Human Resource Development
Press, Inc.; 1May74; MP26331.


MP26332.

Attending. Human Resource Development Press, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ inch) (The Art of helping, 1) © Human Resource Development
Press, Inc.; 1May74; MP26332.


MP26333.

A Conversation with Dean Acheson. Pt. 1. CBS News. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Who, what, when, where, why) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 27Sep69; MP26333.


MP26334.

A Super supermarket. International Business Machines Corporation. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © International Business Machines Corporation;
31Aug74; MP26334.


MP26335.

Beautiful people. Mimosa Films Proprietary and Ltd. Distributed by
Warner Brothers, Inc. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mimosa Films
Proprietary and Ltd.; 12Dec74; MP26335.


MP26336.

People side of cancer. American Cancer Society, Inc. Made by Cox
Broadcasting & Interfilm. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer
Society, Inc.; 13Jul73 (in notice: 1972); MP26336.


MP26337.

Primary cancer of bone. American Cancer Society, Inc. 22 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 3Aug73; MP26337.


MP26338.

Detecting breast cancer earlier. American Cancer Society, Inc. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 6Nov74; MP26338.


MP26339.

Early cancer detection in the physician’s office. American Cancer
Society, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society,
Inc.; 30Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP26339.


MP26340.

Nursing management of children with cancer. American Cancer Society,
Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.;
18Sep74; MP26340.


MP26341.

Colon stoma placement—a prime factor in rehabilitation. American Cancer
Society, Inc. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society,
Inc.; 7Jun74; MP26341.


MP26342.

Nursing management of the patient receiving radiation therapy. American
Cancer Society, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer
Society, Inc.; 3Aug73 (in notice: 1972); MP26342.


MP26343.

Take joy! American Cancer Society, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Cancer Society, Inc.; 14Dec73; MP26343.


MP26344.

Decision for Mike promotional trailer. American Cancer Society, Inc. 2
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 18Dec74;
MP26344.


MP26345.

Breast cancer; where we are promo. American Cancer Society, Inc. 30
seconds, sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 16Nov73;
MP26345.


MP26346.

Breast cancer: where we are. American Cancer Society, Inc. Made by Stan
Lang, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.;
2Nov73; MP26346.


MP26347.

Emotional reactions to cancer in clinical practice. American Cancer
Society, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society,
Inc.; 7Nov73; MP26347.


MP26348.

Let’s call it quits. American Cancer Society, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 27Dec74; MP26348.


MP26349.

Decision for Mike. American Cancer Society, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 23Aug74; MP26349.


MP26350.

For a wonderful life. American Cancer Society, Inc. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 29Jun73; MP26350.


MP26351.

The Ostomy visitor. American Cancer Society, Inc. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Add. ti: The Ostomy visitor, a training aid. © American Cancer
Society, Inc.; 9Aug74; MP26351.


MP26352.

Michael and me. American Cancer Society, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 8Jan75; MP26352.


MP26353.

The Marvella Bayh story. American Cancer Society, Inc. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 7Dec73 (in notice: 1974);
MP26353.


MP26354.

From King to Congress. Quaker Oats Company. Produced in association with
Guggenheim Productions, Inc. Made by Parrott and People. 52 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Quaker Oats Company; 3Oct74; MP26354.


MP26355.

My New York Central scrapbook. Vol. 1: Some fleeting memories. Richard
H. Nadel. 10 min., si., b & w, 8 mm. NM: compilation & additions. ©
Richard H. Nadel; 7Dec74; MP26355.


MP26356.

Rock drummer 0820. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty
Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
8Oct74; MP26356.


MP26357.

Bunny club 0830. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty
Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
22Oct74; MP26357.


MP26358.

Little girl CLFB0610. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty
Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
5Sep74; MP26358.


MP26359.

Operant conditioning. Educational Media Corporation. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Basic psychology) Appl. au: Don L. Sorenson. ©
Educational Media Corporation; 1Sep73; MP26359.


MP26360.

Classical conditioning. Educational Media Corporation. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Basic psychology) Appl. au: Don L. Sorenson. ©
Educational Media Corporation; 1Sep73; MP26360.


MP26361.

Motivation. Educational Media Corporation. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Basic psychology) Appl. au: Don L. Sorenson. © Educational Media
Corporation; 1Sep73; MP26361.


MP26362.

The Scientific approach. Educational Media Corporation. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Basic psychology) Appl. au: Don L. Sorenson. ©
Educational Media Corporation; 1Sep73; MP26362.


MP26363.

The Greatness in you. Concept Productions. Made by Sports Films and
Talents, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Robert E. Richards.
Prev. pub. 1972. NM: compilation. © Concept Productions; 31Oct74;
MP26363.


MP26364.

Living in the Pacific States: variety and change. Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2nd ed.
of Geography of the Pacific States. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Aug74; MP26364.


MP26365.

Living in the Southwestern States: growth in the desert. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. 2nd ed. of Geography of the Southwestern States. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Aug74; MP26365.


MP26366.

Living in the Midwestern States: the Nation’s heartland. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 3Oct74;
MP26366.


MP26367.

Living in the New England States: birthplace of a nation. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. 2nd ed. of Geography of New England. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 3Oct74; MP26367.


MP26368.

Living in the Middle Atlantic States: urban complex. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. 2nd ed. of Geography of the Middle Atlantic States. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Oct74; MP26368.


MP26369.

Living in the United States. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2nd ed. of Geography of the
United States: an introduction. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 9Oct74; MP26369.


MP26370.

Living in the Plains States: meat and grain. Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2nd ed.
of Geography of the North Central States. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 10Oct74; MP26370.


MP26371.

Living in the Southern States: historic lands, new ideas. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. 2nd ed. of Geography of the Southern States. © Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 11Oct74; MP26371.


MP26372.

Living in the Rocky Mountain States: changing frontier lands. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. 2nd ed. of Geography of the Rocky Mountain States. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 11Oct74; MP26372.


MP26373.

The United States in the twentieth century: 1900–1912. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. NM: compilation. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 29Oct74; MP26373.


MP26374.

The United States in the twentieth century: 1912–1920. Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. NM: compilation. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 29Oct74; MP26374.


MP26375.

Medieval world. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.
6 motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges.
© Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 13Dec74;
MP26375.


MP26376.

Wire sculpture. Perspective Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Richard A. Sanderson. © Richard A. Sanderson; 1Aug73; MP26376.


MP26377.

Insect life cycles. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 6 motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Jan75; MP26377.


MP26378.

Fun with words: the word hunt (similar meanings) Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. Made by Gordon Weisenborn
Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 13Dec74; MP26378.


MP26379.

The Monkey and the crab. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 30Dec74; MP26379.


MP26380.

The Golden deer (a tale of India). Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 30Dec74; MP26380.


MP26381.

The Fairness game. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2nd ed. of Fairness for beginners. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 30Dec74;
MP26381.


MP26382.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 8. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 28Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP26382.


MP26383.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 21. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 29Apr73 (in notice: 1972); MP26383.


MP26384.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 9. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 4Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP26384.


MP26385.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 10. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 11Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP26385.


MP26386.

Sword or plowshare. Pt. 1: A Conversation with King Hussein. CBS News.
30 min. (CBS News special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
© Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 14Sep69; MP26386.


MP26387.

Sword or plowshare. Pt. 2: An Interview with Her Excellency Mrs. Golda
Meir. CBS News. 30 min. (CBS News special) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 21Sep69;
MP26387.


MP26388.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 17. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 1Apr73; MP26388.


MP26389.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 22, CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 6May73; MP26389.


MP26390.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 6. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 7Jan73; MP26390.


MP26391.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 36. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 7Sep73; MP26391.


MP26392.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 18. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 8Apr73; MP26392.


MP26393.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 28. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 6Jul73; MP26393.


MP26394.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 11. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 18Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP26394.


MP26395.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 25. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 3Jun73; MP26395.


MP26396.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 30. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 20Jul73; MP26396.


MP26397.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 15. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 18Mar73; MP26397.


MP26398.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 13. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 4Mar73; MP26398.


MP26399.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 33. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 17Aug73; MP26399.


MP26400.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 32. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 10Aug73; MP26400.


MP26401.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 16. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 25Mar73; MP26401.


MP26402.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 23. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 20May73; MP26402.


MP26403.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 19. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 15Apr73; MP26403.


MP26404.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 35. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 31Aug73; MP26404.


MP26405.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 27. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 29Jun73; MP26405.


MP26406.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 31. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 3Aug73; MP26406.


MP26407.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 34. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 24Aug73; MP26407.


MP26408.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 29. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au; Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Jul73; MP26408.


MP26409.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 26. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 10Jun73; MP26409.


MP26410.

60 minutes. Vol. 5, no. 20. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Colombia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 22Apr73; MP26410.


MP26411.

Introduction. Human Learning Systems, Inc. 10 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity classification and
differential treatment model) © Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74;
MP26411.


MP26412.

Confidential diagnostic interview. No. 31, pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 10 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26412.


MP26413.

I-levels 2, 3, 4, and 5 and adolescence. Human Learning Systems, Inc. 35
min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26413.


MP26414.

Introduction to delinquent subtypes. Human Learning Systems, Inc. 17
min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26414.


MP26415.

Rationale for classification, background of I-level and related
research, I-level concepts, I-levels in normal development. Human
Learning Systems, Inc. 50 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26415.


MP26416.

I-2 delinquent subtype differentiation. Human Learning Systems, Inc. 30
min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26416.


MP26417.

Introduction to I-3 delinquent subtypes. Human Learning Systems, Inc. 30
min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26417.


MP26418.

I-3 subtype differentiation. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc.
Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 47 & 25 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26418.


MP26419.

Introduction to I-4 delinquent subtypes. Human Learning Systems, Inc. 7
min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26419.


MP26420.

I-4 subtype definitions: similarities and differences. Pt. 1 – 2. Human
Learning Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 5 min.
each. (The Interpersonal maturity classification and differential
treatment model) © Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26420.


MP26421.

I-4 subtype differentiation. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc.
Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 10 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26421.


MP26422.

Introduction to differential treatment planning. Human Learning Systems,
Inc. 18 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26422.


MP26423.

I-2 treatment process. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc. Sd., b &
w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 58 & 20 min. each. (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26423.


MP26424.

I-3 Cfm treatment process. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc. Sd.,
b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 45 & 50 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26424.


MP26425.

I-3 Cfc treatment process. Pt. 1 – 2, Human Learning Systems, Inc. Sd.,
b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 51 & 30 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26425.


MP26426.

I-3 Mp treatment process. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc. Sd., b
& w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 55 & 35 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26426.


MP26427.

I-4 Na treatment process. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc. Sd., b
& w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 50 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26427.


MP26428.

I-4 Nx treatment process. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc. Sd., b
& w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 30 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26428.


MP26429.

I-4 Ci treatment process. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning Systems, Inc. Sd., b
& w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 45 min. each. (The Interpersonal
maturity classification and differential treatment model) © Human
Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26429.


MP26430.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 11. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 15 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26430.


MP26431.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 12. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 20 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26431.


MP26432.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 13. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 5 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26432.


MP26433.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 14. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 10 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26433.


MP26434.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 15. Human Learning Systems,
Inc. 58 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26434.


MP26435.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 16. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 30 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26435.


MP26436.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 17. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 19 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26436.


MP26437.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 18. Human Learning Systems,
Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26437.


MP26438.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 19. Human Learning Systems,
Inc. 55 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26438.


MP26439.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 20. Human Learning Systems,
Inc. 55 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26439.


MP26440.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 21. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 19 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26440.


MP26441.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 22. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 18 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26441.


MP26442.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 23. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 5 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26442.


MP26443.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 24. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 15 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26443.


MP26444.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 25. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 20 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26444.


MP26445.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 26. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 20 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26445.


MP26446.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 27. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 30 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26446.


MP26447.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 28. Pt. 1 – 2. Human Learning
Systems, Inc. Sd., b & w, 2 videotapes (½ in.), 60 & 25 min. each. (The
Interpersonal maturity classification and differential treatment model)
© Human Learning Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26447.


MP26448.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 29. Human Learning Systems,
Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26448.


MP26449.

Confidential diagnostic interview number 30. Human Learning Systems,
Inc. 60 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) (The Interpersonal maturity
classification and differential treatment model) © Human Learning
Systems, Inc.; 30Jun74; MP26449.


MP26450.

How much are your eyes worth? The Wise Owl Club of the National Society
for the Prevention of Blindness. Made by Harvest Films, Inc. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Leo Trachtenberg. © Harvest Films, Inc.;
27Jan75; MP26450.


MP26451.

Preparing to ride: western style. Pt. 1. Pace Productions, Inc. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74;
MP26451.


MP26452.

Preparing to ride: western style. Pt. 2. Pace Productions, Inc. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74;
MP26452.


MP26453.

Preparing to ride: English style. Pt. 1. Pace Productions, Inc. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74;
MP26453.


MP26454.

Preparing to ride: English style. Pt. 2. Pace Productions, Inc. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74;
MP26454.


MP26455.

Care of the feet. Pace Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74; MP26455.


MP26456.

Horsemanship fundamentals. Pace Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74; MP26456.


MP26457.

Grooming your horse. Pace Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 1Nov74; MP26457.


MP26458.

Labor relations workshop. General Motors Institute. 20 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © General Motors Institute; 1Oct74;
MP26458.


MP26459.

The Hare Krishna people. The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: John Griesser. © The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust;
1Mar74; MP26459.


MP26460.

The Barycentric solar system graphically displayed by sunplot. Orville
E. Summers & Alan B. Wilson. 11 min., si., b & w, 16 mm. © Orville E.
Summers & Alan B. Wilson; 15Sep74; MP26460.


MP26461.

Demonstration loops for the individualized program in physical education
at Campus School. Jo C. Schnell. 11 motion pictures (4 min. each), si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti: Demonstration loop films for the
individualized program at Campus School. © Jo C. Schnell; 21Dec74;
MP26461.


MP26462.

Reading is the family. North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources,
Division of State Library. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. May
1973. NM: additions & revisions. © North Carolina Department of Cultural
Resources, Division of State Library; 23Oct74; MP26462.


MP26463.

In time to live. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. Made by Cinema 70,
Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metropolitan Life Insurance Company;
7Oct74; MP26463.


MP26464.

Bill Barber—skating drills. Hockey Pro, Inc. 1 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Hockey Pro presents) Add. ti: Bill Barber—skating techniques. ©
Hockey Pro, Inc.; 1Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP26464.


MP26465.

The Expert shows penalties. Hockey Pro, Inc. 1 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Hockey Pro presents) Add. ti: Dave Schultz—the expert shows
penalties. © Hockey Pro, Inc.; 1Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP26465.


MP26466.

Chickens! Nat Segaloff. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Nat Segaloff;
22Nov74; MP26466.


MP26467.

The conspiracy and the Dybouk. Silo Cinema, Inc. 25 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. © Silo Cinema, Inc.; 12May71; MP26467.


MP26468.

Mike’s dream. The National Foundation—March of Dimes. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © The National Foundation; 29Sep74; MP26468.


MP26469.

From the Soviet Union: A Special wildlife report. Pt. 1. Mutual of
Omaha. Produced in cooperation with Novosti Press Agency & Ministry of
Agriculture, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. 23 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild Kingdom) NM: new cinematographic work. ©
Mutual of Omaha; 2Feb75; MP26469.


MP26470.

From the Soviet Union: A Special wildlife report. Pt. 2. Mutual of
Omaha. Produced in cooperation with Novosti Press Agency & Ministry of
Agriculture, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. 23 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild Kingdom) NM: new cinematographic work. ©
Mutual of Omaha; 9Feb75; MP26470.


MP26471.

Wheat cycle. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff,
Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26471.


MP26472.

Afghan women. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff,
Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26472.


MP26473.

Afghan nomads: the Maldar. American Universities Field Staff, Inc.
Produced with the cooperation & assistance of Toryali Shafaq, Afghan
Films & The National Film School of Great Britain. 21 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.;
15Nov74; MP26473.


MP26474.

Naim and Jabar. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. Produced with
the cooperation & assistance of Toryali Shafaq, Afghan Films & The
National Film School of Great Britain. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74;
MP26474.


MP26475.

Afghan village. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. Produced with
the cooperation of Toryali Shafaq, Afghan Films & The Government of
Afghanistan. 45 min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Faces of change) Add. ti:
Afghanistan. © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74;
MP26475.


MP26476.

Island in the China Sea. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 33
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) Add. ti: China coast island
in China Sea. © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74;
MP26476.


MP26477.

Hoy Fok and the island school. American Universities Field Staff, Inc.
32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) Add. ti: China coast Hoy
Fok. © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26477.


MP26478.

The Island fishpond. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) Add. ti: China coast island
fishpond. © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26478.


MP26479.

Three island women. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) Add. ti: China coast three island
women. © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26479.


MP26480.

China coast fishing. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field
Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26480.


MP26481.

Wet culture rice. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff,
Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26481.


MP26482.

The Rural cooperative. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field
Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26482.


MP26483.

A Chinese farm wife. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field
Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26483.


MP26484.

People are many, fields are small. American Universities Field Staff,
Inc. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) Add. ti: People are
many, fields are few: Taiwan. © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.;
15Nov74; MP26484.


MP26485.

They call him Ah Kung. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 24 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field
Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26485.


MP26486.

Who am I behind the wheel? Aetna Life and Casualty. 24 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Driver improvement series) © Aetna Life and Casualty; 15Nov74;
MP26486.


MP26487.

I’m OK behind the wheel. Aetna Life and Casualty. 21 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Driver improvement series) © Aetna Life and Casualty; 15Nov74;
MP26487.


MP26488.

The Eating on the run film. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 24Feb75; MP26488.


MP26489.

The Ground presentation. Oakmont Memorial Park. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Oakmont Memorial Park, G. T. “Pat” Carroll & Dan Perrelli;
13Jan75; MP26489.


MP26490.

Saving energy at home. Ramsgate Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Ramsgate Films; 15Jan75; MP26490.


MP26491.

The Arbor bolt story. International Harvester Company. 6 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cassette. © International Harvester Company;
1Jul74; MP28491.


MP26492.

Reggie Leach. Hockey Pro, Inc. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey
Pro presents) Add. ti: Reggie Leach—skating drills. © Hockey Pro, Inc.;
1Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP26492.


MP26493.

Rick MacLeish—center ice defensive skills. Hockey Pro, Inc. 1 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey Pro presents) Add. ti: Rick MacLeish—center
ice defensive techniques. © Hockey Pro, Inc.; 1Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
MP26493.


MP26494.

Bobby Clarke—center ice skills. Hockey Pro, Inc. 1 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Hockey Pro presents) © Hockey Pro, Inc.; 1Feb75 (in notice:
1974); MP26494.


MP26495.

Split second decisions. Aetna Life and Casualty. 23 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Aetna drivotrainer film series) © Aetna Life and Casualty; 30May74;
MP26495.


MP26496.

Hazard perception. Aetna Life and Casualty. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Aetna drivotrainer film series) © Aetna Life and Casualty; 19Jul74 (in
notice: 1973); MP26496.


MP26497.

Beyond the moon. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News
special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 28Dec69; MP26497.


MP26498.

The Colleges. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS reports) Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 28Mar74; MP26498.


MP26499.

Inflation: how much, how long? CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS News special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Jun74; MP26499.


MP26500.

What’s Congress all about? Pt. 1: The House of Representatives. CBS
News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report for young
people) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 13Jul74; MP26500.


MP26501.

Escalation in Vietnam: the Rogers testimony. CBS News. 30 min., sd., b &
w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Apr72; MP26501.


MP26502.

Shanghai. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS reports) Appl. au:
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
6Mar74; MP26502.


MP26503.

The Food crisis. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS reports)
Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 1Jun74; MP26503.


MP26504.

The Case of the plastic peril. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 18Oct74; MP26504.


MP26505.

What’s the Supreme Court all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS News special report for young people) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Feb74.
MP26505.


MP26506.

What’s impeachment all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
News special report for young people) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Apr74; MP26506.


MP26507.

Vietnam: a plan for peace. CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
News special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Jan72; MP26507.


MP26508.

The Issue of busing. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News
special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Apr72; MP26508.


MP26509.

What are we doing to our children? CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Mar73; MP26509.


MP26510.

The Corporation. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS reports)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MP26510.


MP26511.

The Rockefellers. CBS News. 120 min., sd., color, 16 mm, (CBS reports)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 27Dec73; MP26511.


MP26512.

The Palestinians. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS reports)
Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 13Jun74; MP26512.


MP26513.

Peace and the Pentagon. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS
reports) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 5Sep74; MP26513.


MP26514.

Castro, Cuba and the United States of America. CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (CBS reports) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74;
MP26514.


MP26515.

Caution: Drinking water may be dangerous to your health. CBS News. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS reports) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
3Dec74; MP26515.


MP26516.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 19. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 26May74; MP26516.


MP26517.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 22. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 16Jun74; MP26517.


MP26518.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 24. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jul74; MP26518.


MP26519.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 26. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 28Jul74; MP26519.


MP26520.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 27. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 4Aug74; MP26520.


MP26521.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 26. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 11Aug74; MP26521.


MP26522.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 29. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 18Aug74; MP26522.


MP26523.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 1. CBS News. 60 min., sd. b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 6Jan74; MP26523.


MP26524.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 2. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 20Jan74; MP26524.


MP26525.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 3. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jan74; MP26525.


MP26526.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 4. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 3Feb74; MP26526.


MP26527.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 6. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 17Feb74; MP26527.


MP26528.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 7. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 24Feb74; MP26528.


MP26529.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 9. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 10Mar74; MP26529.


MP26530.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 10. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au:; Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 24Mar74; MP26530.


MP26531.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 12. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 7Apr74; MP26531.


MP26532.

Look at it this way: Good time mathematics. Holt, Rinehart and Winston,
Inc. Made by The Amazing Life Games Company. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Holt, Rinehart and Winston, Inc.; 12Oct72; MP26532.


MP26533.

Taxes 75, Albert, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26533.


MP26534.

Taxes 75, Bob, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26534.


MP26535.

Taxes 75, Carl, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26535.


MP26536.

Taxes 75, David, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26536.


MP26537.

Taxes 75, Alice, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26537.


MP26538.

Taxes 75, Barbara, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation.
30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm, © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26538.


MP26539.

Taxes 75, Carmen, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26539.


MP26540.

Taxes 75, Doris, Beneficial Finance Company. Beneficial Corporation. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corporation; 8Jan75; MP26540.


MP26541.

Comparative bumper performance: Crash tests of 1972, 1974 and 1975 model
cars. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; 18Feb75; MP26541.


MP26542.

Batch programming considerations. Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (IMS) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 6Jan75; MP26542.


MP26543.

Hierarchical structures. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 9 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (IMS) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
27Jan75; MP26543.


MP26544.

Introduction to IMS. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (IMS) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 3Feb75;
MP26544.


MP26545.

Batch programming. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (IMS) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 10Feb75;
MP26545.


MP26546.

Network analysis. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Project management) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 6Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26546.


MP26547.

Charts and networks. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Project management) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 6Jan75; MP26547.


MP26548.

The System development process. Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project management) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 27Jan75; MP26548.


MP26549.

Introduction and overview. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project management) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 3Feb75; MP26549.


MP26550.

Effective negotiating. Chester L. Karrass. 720 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Chester L. Karrass; 1Sep74; MP26550.


MP26551.

Taking our bodies back: The women’s health movement. Margaret Lazarus &
Renner Wunderlich. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Cambridge Films;
6Aug74; MP26551.


MP26552.

One to one. Calvin Communications, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(People sell people) © Calvin Communications, Inc.; 1Feb75; MP26552.


MP26553.

Passive range of motion exercises. Sister Kenny Institute. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Sister Kenny Institute; 1Nov74; MP26553.


MP26554.

Carnivorous plants. National Geographic Society. Produced in association
with Oxford Scientific Films, Ltd. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Geographic Society; 31Dec74; MP26554.


MP26555.

Chick embryology. National Geographic Society. Produced in association
with Oxford Scientific Films, Ltd. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Geographic Society; 31Dec74; MP26555.


MP26556.

Stop thief. Electronic Center, Inc. Made by Video Communications
Institute. 13 min., sd., color, videotape (½ in.) (Department store
training) Appl. au: John Leatherwood. © Electronic Center, Inc.; 4Nov74;
MP26556.


MP26557.

The Wonderful world of sound. Electronic Center, Inc. Made by Video
Communications Institute. 20 min., sd., color, videotape (½ in.)
(Department store training) Appl. au: Bruce Vaughn. © Electronic Center,
Inc.; 4Nov74; MP26557.


MP26558.

Once Kittyhawk. Sight and Sound, Inc. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Douglas W. Rideout. © Sight and Sound, Inc.; 30Nov72; MP26558.


MP26559.

You gotta work the territory. California Association of Realtors. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Clark Howat. © California Association
of Realtors; 18Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP26559.


MP26560.

Safety man. Michigan Department of State. 6 motion pictures, 60 seconds
(2 each) & 30 seconds (4 each), sd., color, 16 mm. © Michigan Department
of State; 20Feb75; MP26560.


MP26561.

Spiders: aggression and mating. National Geographic Society. Produced in
association with Oxford Scientific Films, Ltd. 17 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © National Geographic Society; 4Feb75; MP26561.


MP26562.

Secret life of a trout river. National Geographic Society. Produced in
association with Oxford Scientific Films, Ltd. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © National Geographic Society; 13Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26562.


MP26563.

Protists: Threshold of life. National Geographic Society. Produced in
association with Oxford Scientific Films, Ltd. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © National Geographic Society; 4Feb75; MP26563.


MP26564.

I love Tchaikovsky. CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Jul73;
MP26564.


MP26565.

The Anatomy of a symphony orchestra. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s
concerts) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24May70; MP26565.


MP26566.

You and the commercial. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Apr73; MP26566.


MP26567.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, February 22, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 22Feb75;
MP26567.


MP26568.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, February 16, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Feb75;
MP26568.


MP26569.

CBS morning news, February 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17Feb75; MP26569.


MP26570.

CBS morning news, February 18, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18Feb75; MP26570.


MP26571.

CBS morning news, February 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19Feb75; MP26571.


MP26572.

CBS morning news, February 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20Feb75; MP26572.


MP26573.

CBS morning news, February 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Feb75; MP26573.


MP26574.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17Feb75;
MP26574.


MP26575.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 18, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18Feb75;
MP26575.


MP26576.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19Feb75;
MP26576.


MP26577.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20Feb75;
MP26577.


MP26578.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, February 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Feb75;
MP26578.


MP26579.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP26579.


MP26580.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 18, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP26580.


MP26581.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP26581.


MP26582.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP26582.


MP26583.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, February 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP26583.


MP26584.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 20. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun74; MP26584.


MP26585.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 16. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 5May74; MP26585.


MP26586.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 14. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 21Apr74; MP26586.


MP26587.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 21. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jun74; MP26587.


MP26588.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 15. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 28Apr74; MP26588.


MP26589.

Your time investment with each prospect. Chrysler Corporation. 18 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
19Feb75; MP26589.


MP26590.

Engine temperature control. Chrysler Corporation. 18 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Master technicians service conference, session no. 75–6)
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 27Feb75; MP26590.


MP26591.

The Golden days of radio. No. 1. Rick Scarry. 44 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cartridge. Appl. au: Frank Bresee. © Frank Bresee
(in notice: Frank Brese); 5Dec74; MP26591.


MP26592.

Primo Carnera versus Ray Impellitierre, New York City, New York, March
15, 1935. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub. 18May67, MP17117. NM:
additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
6Jun72; MP26592.


MP26593.

Floyd Patterson versus Tom McNeeley, Toronto, Canada, December 4, 1961.
The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub.
20Apr67, MP17044. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights
of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP26593.


MP26594.

Joe Frazier versus Buster Mathis, New York City, New York, March 4,
1968. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev.
pub. 21Jun68, MP18572. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Apr71; MP26594.


MP26595.

Floyd Patterson versus Roy Harris, Los Angeles, California, August 18,
1958. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub. 29May64, MP16571. NM:
additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
15Feb72; MP26595.


MP26596.

Carmen Basilio versus Johnny Saxton for Welterweight Championship,
Syracuse, New York, September 12, 1956. The Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub. 29May64, MP15019. NM:
additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights of the Century. Inc.;
11Jul69; MP26596.


MP26597.

Marcel Thil versus Vilda Jaks, Paris, France, May 4, 1935. The Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights
of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub. 18Jul68,
MP18691. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26597.


MP26598.

Ezzard Charles versus Pat Valentino, San Francisco, California, October
14, 1949. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton.
Prev. pub. 18Jul68, MP18692. NM: additional cinematographic work. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP26598.


MP26599.

Ingemar Johansson versus Joe Bygraves, Gothenburg, Sweden, February 9,
1962. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev.
pub. 18May67, MP17115. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26599.


MP26600.

James Carter versus Lauro Salas for Lightweight Championship, Chicago,
Illinois, October 15, 1952. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 12
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au:
William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 18Oct69;
MP26600.


MP26601.

George Foreman versus Joe Roman for the Heavyweight Championship of the
World, Tokyo, Japan, August 31, 1973. George Foreman versus Ken Norton
for the Heavyweight Championship of the World, Caracas, Venezuela, March
26, 1974. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 12Dec73; MP26601.


MP26602.

George Foreman versus Gregorio Peralta, New York City, February 16,
1970. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 3Feb73; MP26602.


MP26603.

George Foreman versus Boone Kirkman, New York City, November 18, 1970.
The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 7Mar73; MP26603.


MP26604.

Official fight pictures, Muhammad Ali (Cassius Clay) versus Cleveland
Williams for the Heavyweight Championship of the World, Astrodome,
Houston, Texas, November 14, 1966. The Big Fights, Inc. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © The Big Fights, Inc.;
21Nov66; MP26604.


MP26605.

Johnny Saxton versus Carmen Basilio, Chicago, Illinois, March 14, 1956.
The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP26605.


MP26606.

George Foreman versus Ted Gullick, Los Angeles, California, April 10,
1972. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 8Apr73; MP26606.


MP26607.

Barney Ross versus Tony Canzoneri for the World Lightweight title, New
York City, New York, September 12, 1933. The Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 12 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 13Jun73; MP26607.


MP26608.

Muhammad Ali versus Brian London for the Heavyweight Championship of the
World, London, England, August 6, 1966. The Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc.; 15Apr73; MP26608.


MP26609.

George Foreman versus George Chuvalo, New York City, New York, August 4,
1970. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26609.


MP26610.

George Foreman versus Luis Pires, New York City, New York, October 29,
1971. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 11Mar73; MP26610.


MP26611.

Joe Frazier versus Ron Stander for World Heavyweight title, Omaha,
Nebraska, May 25, 1972. The Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au:
William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 17Aug72;
MP26611.


MP26612.

Joe Frazier versus Joe Bugner, London, England, July 2, 1973. The
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 2Dec73; MP26612.


MP26613.

Sugar Ray Robinson versus Rocky Castellani, San Francisco, California,
July 22, 1955. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 12 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26613.


MP26614.

James Carter versus Glen Flanagan, Chicago, Illinois, August 4, 1954.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 20Nov73; MP26614.


MP26615.

Bob Foster versus Vincente Rondon for World Light Heavyweight Title,
Miami Beach, Florida, April 2, 1972. Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl.
au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 20Nov73;
MP26615.


MP26616.

Teo Cruz versus Carlos Ortiz for the World Lightweight Title, Santo
Domingo, June 20, 1968. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26616.


MP26617.

Johnny Famechon versus Mashiko (Fighting) Harada for the World
Featherweight Championship, Sidney, Australia, July 28, 1969. Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights
of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26617.


MP26618.

Floyd Patterson versus Pedro Agosto, New York, New York, July 14, 1972.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26618.


MP26619.

Jersey Joe Walcott versus Rex Layne, New York City, November 24, 1950.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 2Feb72; MP26619.


MP26620.

Cassius Clay versus Floyd Patterson for Heavyweight Championship, Las
Vegas, Nevada, November 22, 1965. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.
12 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au:
William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 14Dec65;
MP26620.


MP26621.

Vincente Saldivar versus Howard Winstone for the Featherweight
Championship of the World, Mexico City, Mexico, October 14, 1967.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26621.


MP26622.

Jack Johnson versus Jim Flynn for the World Heavyweight Championship,
Las Vegas, New Mexico, July 4, 1912. Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl.
au: William D. Cayton. Prev. reg. 14Mar62, MU7164. NM: additional
cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73;
MP26622.


MP26623.

Tommy Burns versus Jack O’Brien for the Heavyweight Championship of the
World, Los Angeles, California, November 28, 1906. Greatest Fights of
the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. reg. 14Mar62, MU7153. NM:
additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
8Sep73; MP26623.


MP26624.

Dick Tiger versus Gene Fullmer, San Francisco, California, October 23,
1962. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 12 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 17Mar72; MP26624.


MP26625.

Joey Giardello versus Dick Tiger for Middleweight Championship, Atlantic
City, December 7, 1963. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 18Oct69; MP26625.


MP26626.

Jack Sharkey versus Mike McTigue, New York City, March 3, 1927. Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights
of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub. 29May64,
MP15025. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc.; 18Mar72; MP26626.


MP26627.

Emile Griffith versus Louis Rodriguez, Los Angeles, California, March
21, 1963. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26627.


MP26628.

Joey Giardello versus Gil Turner, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, April 7,
1953. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 18Mar72 (in notice: 1973); MP26628.


MP26629.

Emile Griffith versus Ted Wright, Vienna, Austria, October 17, 1962.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 12Jul72; MP26629.


MP26630.

Joe Dundee versus Ben Jeby, New York, New York, September 11, 1930.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26630.


MP26631.

Sammy Angott versus Slugger White for Lightweight Championship,
Hollywood, California, October 27, 1943. Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl.
au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Apr66;
MP26631.


MP26632.

Joe Frazier, champion, versus George Foreman, challenger for the
Heavyweight Championship of the World, Kingston, Jamaica, January 22,
1973. The Big Fights, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au: William
D. Cayton. © The Big Fights, Inc.; 10Feb73; MP26632.


MP26633.

Jack Dempsey versus Tom Gibbons for Heavyweight Championship, Shelby,
Montana, July 4, 1923. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. Prev. reg. 25Oct63, MU7360. NM: additional cinematographic work.
© Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Apr66; MP26633.


MP26634.

Sonny Liston versus Cassius Clay for Heavyweight Championship, Miami
Beach, Florida, February 25, 1964. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.
11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au:
William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 10Mar64;
MP26634.


MP26635.

Cassius Clay versus Sonny Liston for Heavyweight Championship, Lewiston,
Maine, May 25, 1965. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 12 min., sd.,
b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D.
Cayton, © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 22Jun65; MP26635.


MP26636.

Johnny Bratton versus Rocky Castellani, Chicago, Illinois, June 18,
1952. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP26636.


MP26637.

Joey Giardello versus Billy Kilgore, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, July 7,
1954. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26637.


MP26638.

I am the Tzinguaw. Soundings. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Clair and Barbara Calhoon. © Soundings; 15Mar75 (in notice: 1974);
MP26638.


MP26639.

First aid. The American Humane Association & the College of Veterinary
Medicine and Biomedical Sciences at Colorado State University. 61 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cartridge. (Introduction to horse care)
© The American Humane Association; 7Jan75; MP26639.


MP26640.

What is force? Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Doubleday and Company,
Inc.; 6Aug74; MP26640.


MP26641.

Paul Andersen. Southern Baptist Convention, Radio and Television
Commission in cooperation with the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Athletes) © Southern Baptist Radio and
Television Commission; 1Jan74; MP26641.


MP26642.

Mel Kenyon. Southern Baptist Convention, Radio and Television Commission
in cooperation with the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Athletes) © Southern Baptist Radio and Television
Commission; 1Jan74; MP26642.


MP26643.

Grant Teaff. Southern Baptist Convention, Radio and Television
Commission in cooperation with the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Athletes) © Southern Baptist Radio and
Television Commission; 1Jan74; MP26643.


MP26644.

Conrad Nightingale. Southern Baptist Convention, Radio and Television
Commission in cooperation with the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Athletes) © Southern Baptist Radio and
Television Commission; 1Jan74; MP26644.


MP26645.

Don Kessinger. Southern Baptist Convention, Radio and Television
Commission in cooperation with the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Athletes) © Southern Baptist Radio and
Television Commission; 1Jan74; MP26645.


MP26646.

The Last boat home. La Gorce Associates, Inc. 59 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Prev pub. 27Jan72, MP22406. NM: additions & revisions. © La Gorce
Associates, Inc.; 10Jan75; MP26646.


MP26647.

Lighter than air. Templar Productions, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Harrand Widoff. © Templar Productions, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26647.


MP26648.

City out of wilderness. United States Capitol Historical Society & the
United States Department of the Interior, National Park Service. Made by
Francis Thompson, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United States
Capitol Historical Society; 10Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP26648.


MP26649.

Days. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 31Dec74;
MP26649.


MP26650.

Rheumatoid arthritis. Professional Research, Inc. 20 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 6Aug74;
MP26650.


MP26651.

Peptic ulcer. Professional Research, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 16Aug74; MP26651.


MP26652.

Handling contact lenses. Professional Research, Inc. 11 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Handling hard contact lenses.
© Professional Research, Inc.; 26Apr71; MP26652.


MP26653.

Obstructive lung diseases. Professional Research, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 265ep74
(in notice: 1973); MP26653.


MP26654.

Ear surgery. Professional Research, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 2Aug72; MP26654.


MP26655.

Nerve deafness. Professional Research, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 20Aug72; MP26655.


MP26656.

Menopause. Professional Research, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 8Nov71; MP26656.


MP26657.

New baby care. Professional Research, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 8Nov74; MP26657.


MP26658.

Endodontics. Professional Research, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 12May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP26658.


MP26659.

Breast feeding. Professional Research, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 6Dec74; MP26659.


MP26660.

Listening between the lines. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 10Mar75; MP26660.


MP26661.

The New air brake law—FMVSS 121. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl.
au: General Motors Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice:
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation); 25Feb75; MP26661.


MP26662.

The Mexican connection. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS
reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Jun72; MP26662.


MP26663.

The 34th star. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The American
parade, episode 3) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 26Aug74; MP26663.


MP26664.

Power and the presidency. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
American parade, episode 2) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
© Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Apr74; MP26664.


MP26665.

The Case against Milligan. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
American parade, episode 5) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 26Jan75;
MP26665.


MP26666.

Magazine. Ed. no. 3. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au;
CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 16Dec74; MP26666.


MP26667.

Magazine. Ed. no. 2. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au:
CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct74; MP26667.


MP26668.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 13. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 14Apr74; MP26668.


MP26669.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 17. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 12May74; MP26669.


MP26670.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 18, CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 19May74; MP26670.


MP26671.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 25. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 21Jul74; MP26671.


MP26672.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 30. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 1Sep74; MP26672.


MP26673.

A Night in jail, a day in court. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 26Jan72; MP26673.


MP26674.

Mayor Daley: a study in power. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Apr72; MP26674.


MP26675.

Where we stand. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS reports)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 15May72; MP26675.


MP26676.

Higher education: who needs it? CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24May72; MP26676.


MP26677.

The Air pirates: can they be stopped? CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Oct72; MP26677.


MP26678.

A Conversation with Lord North. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The American Revolution: 1770 – 1783) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Apr71; MP26678.


MP26679.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 23. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 7Jul74; MP26679.


MP26680.

The Mysterious alert. CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Jan74; MP26680.


MP26681.

A Boy named Terry Egan. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Colombia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 10Oct73; MP26681.


MP26682.

You’ll get yours when you’re 65. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS news special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 27Jun73; MP26682.


MP26683.

What’s an election all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
news special report for young people) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Nov72; MP26683.


MP26684.

What’s the Presidency all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS news special report for young people) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Feb73;
MP26684.


MP26685.

We, the women. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The American
parade) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 15Mar74; MP26685.


MP26686.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 8. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 3Mar74; MP26686.


MP26687.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 11. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 31Mar74; MP26687.


MP26688.

What’s Skylab all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News
special report for young people) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 12May73; MP26688.


MP26689.

What’s the energy crisis all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS News special report for young people) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Dec73;
MP26689.


MP26690.

Topsy turvy house. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Jan75; MP26690.


MP26691.

Come see the dolphins. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 17Jan75; MP26691.


MP26692.

Workers who come to our house. Coronet Instructional Media, a division
of Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. of Helpers who come to our house. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 21Jan75; MP26692.


MP26693.

Where the waters run. Moody Institute of Science. 28 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Sermons from Science series) © Moody Institute of Science;
5Feb75; MP26693.


MP26694.

Clean and neat with Harv and Marv. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 26Mar75;
MP26694.


MP26695.

Cuzco, in the valley of the Incas. Tom Schroeppel. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Tom Schroeppel; 1Jan75; MP26695.


MP26696.

The Blood wet mount. Garry F. Gordon & William Baker. 12 min., sd., b &
w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Garry F. Gordon & William Baker;
10Feb75; MP26696.


MP26697.

Auto theft. Woroner Films, Inc. Released by Keves Hardin Productions &
Woroner Films, Inc. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Police training film) ©
Woroner Films, Inc.; 24Mar75; MP26697.


MP26698.

Patrolman, you have a problem. Woroner Films, Inc. 29 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Decisions 2) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 21Feb75; MP26698.


MP26699.

Safe in nature. FilmFair Communications. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 9Jan75; MP26699.


MP26700.

Market place in Mexico. FilmFair Communications. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 13Jan75; MP26700.


MP26701.

Introduction to portable videotape recording. FilmFair Communications.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.;
15Jan75; MP26701.


MP26702.

Shoplifting, it’s a crime. FilmFair Communications. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 3Jan75; MP26702.


MP26703.

Patient behaviors. The University of Iowa, College of Nursing. 60 min.,
sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Sharon Scandrett &
Shirley Montgomery. © Sharon Scandrett & Shirley Montgomery; 1Oct73;
MP26703.


MP26704.

Restraining the adult and pediatric patient. Fairview General Hospital.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Update clinical
nursing) © Fairview General Hospital; 25Nov74; MP26704.


MP26705.

Giving directions. Pied Piper Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Pied Piper a.a.d.o. Pied Piper Productions; 1Jul74; MP26705.


MP26706.

Snacks count too. Journal Films, Inc. Made by Gilbert Altschul
Productions, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Joel Altschul. ©
Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 16Dec74 (in notice: 1975); MP26706.


MP26707.

Kitchen antics. David Felder. 51 seconds, si., color. Super 8 mm. ©
David Felder; 21Oct74; MP26707.


MP26708.

The Selection interview. The Corporate Audiovisual Center, Marketing
Services Department, The Travelers Insurance Company. 45 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Inside supervision: your
administrative functions) Appl. au: The Travelers Insurance Company. ©
The Travelers Insurance Company (in notice: The Travelers Insurance
Companies); 30Mar74; MP26708.


MP26709.

The Casualty-Property Department—a preview. Corporate Audiovisual
Studio, Marketing Services, Travelers Insurance Company. 25 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: The Travelers Insurance
Company. © The Travelers Insurance Company; 30Apr74; MP26709.


MP26710.

Swimmer. Kane Film Company. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Kane Film
Company; 20Aug74 (in notice: 1970); MP26710.


MP26711.

Ed Richards, Boston University fencing instructor. David Stuart Tristan.
11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © David Stuart Tristan; 21Dec74; MP26711.


MP26712.

The X factor. Factory Mutual Engineering Corporation. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Ted Steeg. © Factory Mutual Engineering
Corporation; 12Feb74; MP26712.


MP26713.

Alarm! Factory Mutual Engineering Corporation. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: David Ferrin. © Factory Mutual Engineering Corporation;
15Jan74; MP26713.


MP26714.

Analysis of body movement styles and interaction in psychotherapy. Pt.
1. Martha Davis. 27 min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. © Martha Davis;
20Aug74; MP26714.


MP26715.

Black artists in America. Pt. 4. Oakley N. Holmes, Jr. 44 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Oakley N. Holmes, Jr.; 4Mar75; MP26715.


MP26716.

Simultaneity is relative. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge, (Relativity: a series of computer-animated
films) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26716.


MP26717.

The Doppler effect and the twin paradox. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4
min., si., color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Relativity: a series of
computer-animated films) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26717.


MP26718.

The Michelson-Morley experiment. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Relativity: a series of
computer-animated films) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26718.


MP26719.

World lines. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. (Relativity: a series of computer-animated films) ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26719.


MP26720.

The Speed of projectiles, sound and light. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4
min., si., color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Relativity: a series of
computer-animated films) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26720.


MP26721.

Time dilation. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. (Relativity: a series of computer-animated films) ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26721.


MP26722.

Length contraction. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. (Relativity: a series of computer-animated films) ©
Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26722.


MP26723.

Coordinate transformations. Houghton Mifflin Company. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Relativity: a series of
computer-animated films) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 5Nov74; MP26723.


MP26724.

The Man who changed the Navy. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 52
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 28Jan74;
MP26724.


MP26725.

If that’s a gnome, this must be Zurich. National Broadcasting Company,
Inc. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.;
10Dec73; MP26725.


MP26726.

Hassenplug on nursing. Pt. 1 – 3. The Vanderbilt University, School of
Nursing. 3 motion pictures (55 min. each), sd., b & w, videotape (1 in.)
© The Vanderbilt University (School of Nursing); 9Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP26726.


MP26727.

Meet Jean George. Jaqueline Shachter. 30 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½
in.) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 2Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP26727.


MP26728.

Meet Elizabeth Speare. Jaqueline Shachter. 29 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ in.) (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 2Jan75
(in notice: 1974); MP26728.


MP26729.

Lure of the North. Bighorn Productions, Inc. 106 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Prev. reg. 20Sep74, MU9041. © Bighorn Productions, Inc.; 26Feb75 (in
notice: 1974); MP26729.


MP26730.

School bus safety and courtesy. Centron Corporation, Inc. Made by
Centron Educational Films, 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron
Corporation, Inc.; 17Oct74; MP26730.


MP26731.

Majority minority. Centron Corporation, Inc. Made by Centron Educational
Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 5Dec74;
MP26731.


MP26732.

Buffalos of Botswana. Don Meier. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual of
Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Appl. au: Mutual of Omaha. NM: cinematographic
work. © Mutual of Omaha; 24Jan75; MP26732.


MP26733.

Crisis in a crowd: training in rock concert medicine. In-House
Productions & Haight-Ashbury Training and Educational Project. 29 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © In-House Productions;
9Dec74; MP26733.


MP26734.

Old, black and alive! The National Caucus on the Black Aged, Inc. Made
by The New Film Company, Inc. Distributed by National Center on Black
Aged. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Caucus on the Black Aged,
Inc.; 14Jun74; MP26734.


MP26735.

J. F. K.: one thousand days—and ten years. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b &
w, 16 mm. (CBS News perspective) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. NM: compilation & editing. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
11Nov73; MP26735.


MP26736.

Wiring diagram orientation. Chrysler Corporation. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
session no. 74–11) © Chrysler Corporation; 22Jul74; MP26736.


MP26737.

What’s the energy crisis all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS News special report for young people) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Oct73;
MP26737.


MP26738.

Magazine. Ed. 1, article 1. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 1May74; MP26738.


MP26739.

60 minutes. Vol. 6, no. 5. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 10Feb74; MP26739.


MP26740.

Magazine. Ed. 4. CBS News. 54 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au: CBS,
Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 28Jan75; MP26740.


MP26741.

Magazine. Ed. 5. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au: CBS,
Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 25Feb75; MP26741.


MP26742.

What’s this election all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS News special report for young people) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS,
Inc.; 26Oct74; MP26742.


MP26743.

What’s inflation all about? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
News special report for young people) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
30Nov74; MP26743.


MP26744.

Prescription: take with caution. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 10Jan75; MP26744.


MP26745.

The Best Congress money can buy. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 31Jan75; MP26745.


MP26746.

America goes metric. Snelling and Snelling, Inc. Made by John Beck
Creative Film Productions. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. NM: compilation &
additions. © Snelling and Snelling, Inc.; 25Nov74; MP26746.


MP26747.

Point of order! Point Films, Inc. Released by New Yorker Films. 97 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. NM: compilation. © Point Films, Inc.; 30Oct63;
MP26747.


MP26748.

Visitors. Grain Belt Breweries, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Grain
Belt Breweries, Inc.; 29Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26748.


MP26749.

Midwest. Grain Belt Breweries, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Grain
Belt Breweries, Inc.; 29Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26749.


MP26750.

Things to share. Grain Belt Breweries, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Grain Belt Breweries, Inc.; 29Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26750.


MP26751.

Bird flight. The Museum of Science in association with Borden
Productions, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Borden Productions, Inc.;
5Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26751.


MP26752.

Preventable: yes or no? National Safety Council. Made by Jack Lieb
Productions, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Safety Council;
31Dec74; MP26752.


MP26753.

The Driving edge. National Safety Council. Made by Jack Lieb
Productions, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Safety Council;
31Dec74; MP26753.


MP26754.

A Question of attitudes. National Safety Council. Made by Jack Lieb
Productions, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Safety Council;
31Dec74; MP26754.


MP26755.

Swing out, sweet land. Yongestreet Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Batjac Productions, Inc. & Darcy Advertising Company,
Inc. 79 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wayne; 29Nov70; MP26755.


MP26756.

The New automatic height control system. Chrysler Corporation. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 12 min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. (Master technicians
service conference, session no. 75–7) © Chrysler Corporation; 23Mar75;
MP26756.


MP26757.

It’s not how many, but how well! Chrysler Corporation. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corporation; 24Mar75;
MP26757.


MP26758.

Customer assurance. Chrysler Corporation. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 12
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
session no. 75–8) © Chrysler Corporation; 21Apr75; MP26758.


MP26759.

The Alaskan eskimo—a way of life. Films North. Produced in association
with The Alaska Federation of Natives, Inc. Distributed by Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. 19 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Rod Thompson; 24Sep73; MP26759.


MP26760.

The King and the nightingale. Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday and Company, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 19Nov74; MP26760.


MP26761.

Reflections in depth. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.;
24Jul74; MP26761.


MP26762.

Relative motion. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Doubleday
and Company, Inc.; 24Sep74; MP26762.


MP26763.

Hot and cold. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company,
Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Doubleday and
Company, Inc.; 3May74; MP26763.


MP26764.

History, length, decimals. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday
and Company, Inc. Made by Metricraft, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Metrics: measurement for today, pt. 1) © Metricraft, Inc.; 31Jan75;
MP26764.


MP26765.

Volume. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
Made by Metricraft, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Metrics:
measurement for today, pt. 2) © Metricraft, Inc.; 31Jan75; MP26765.


MP26766.

Mass, temperature. Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. Made by Metricraft, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Metrics: measurement for today, pt. 3) © Metricraft, Inc.; 31Jan75;
MP26766.


MP26767.

Electronic fuel injection. Cadillac Motor Car Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Cadillac electronic fuel injection.
Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in
notice: Cadillac Motor Car Division, General Motors Corporation);
21Mar75; MP26767.


MP26768.

Let’s get the facts about Delta Eighty-Eight, Oldsmobile Division,
General Motors Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 12
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Oldsmobile—let’s
get the facts about Delta Eighty-Eight. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile
Division, General Motors Corporation); 18Mar75; MP26768.


MP26769.

Let’s get the facts about Omega and Omega Salon. Oldsmobile Division,
General Motors Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 14
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Oldsmobile—let’s
get the facts about Omega and Omega Salon. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile
Division, General Motors Corporation); 19Mar75; MP26769.


MP26770.

Let’s get the facts about Cutlass. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 11 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Oldsmobile—let’s get the facts about
Cutlass. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation); 20Mar75; MP26770.


MP26771.

The Pontiac value story. Pontiac Division, General Motors Corporation. 9
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Division,
General Motors Corporation); 27Nov74; MP26771.


MP26772.

Washer and dryer delivery. Frigidaire Service Department, Frigidaire
Division, General Motors Corporation. Made by General Motors
Photographic. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti:
Washer/dryer delivery and installation. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Frigidaire
Division, General Motors Corporation); 27Nov74; MP26772.


MP26773.

Manuel Ortiz versus Vic Toweel. William D. Cayton. 11 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Manuel Ortiz versus Vic
Toweel for the Bantamweight Championship of the World, Johannesburg,
South Africa, May 31, 1950. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
16Jun73; MP26773.


MP26774.

Perception. Educational Media Corporation. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Basic psychology) Appl. au: Don L. Sorenson. © Educational Media
Corporation; 1Sep74 (in notice: 1973); MP26774.


MP26775.

Understanding the pill. Professional Research, Inc. 9 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 21May70;
MP26775.


MP26776.

Real violins. Rocinante. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Artist as a
reporter) Appl. au: Franklin McMahon. © Franklin McMahon; 24Mar75;
MP26776.


MP26777.

Essene. Frederick Wiseman. Distributed by Zipporah Films. 86 min., sd.,
b & w, 16 mm. © The Basic Training Company, Inc.; 13Nov72; MP26777.


MP26778.

Basic Training. Frederick Wiseman. Distributed by Zipporah Films, Inc.
89 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © The Basic Training Company, Inc.; 4Oct71;
MP26778.


MP26779.

Bruckner: the fourth B? CBS Television. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (New
York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 7May72;
MP26779.


MP26780.

Plants and animals depend on each other. Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 30Dec74 (in notice:
1975); MP26780.


MP26781.

Looking at the seasons. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 4 motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridges. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 15Apr75; MP26781.


MP26782.

Enjoying the seasons. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 4 motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridges. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 15Apr75; MP26782.


MP26783.

Marquette and Jolliet: voyage of discovery, Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Dec74 (in notice:
1975); MP26783.


MP26784.

Mexico; four views. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 2nd ed. of Mexico: geography of the Americas. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
10Jan75; MP26784.


MP26785.

Birds that hunt. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 16Jan75; MP26785.


MP26786.

Cells and what they do. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 24Jan75; MP26786.


MP26787.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 8. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 22Feb75; MP26787.


MP26788.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 6. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 8Feb75; MP26788.


MP26789.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 3. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 18Jan75; MP26789.


MP26790.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 9. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 1Mar75; MP26790.


MP26791.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 2. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 11Jan75; MP26791.


MP26792.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 5. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 1Feb75; MP26792.


MP26793.

Inflation. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., b & w, videotape. (Garner
Ted Armstrong, program no. 611) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. ©
Worldwide Church of God; 22Sep74; MP26793.


MP26794.

United States in need of a miracle. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., b
& w, videotape. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 609) Appl. au:
Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 15Sep74; MP26794.


MP26795.

Real Jesus. Ambassador College. 60 min., sd., b & w, videotape. (Garner
Ted Armstrong, program no. SP-7) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. ©
Worldwide Church of God; 10Jun74; MP26795.


MP26796.

Garner Ted Armstrong in Europe. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., b & w,
videotape. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 616) Appl. au: Worldwide
Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 20Oct74; MP26796.


MP26797.

Death. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., b & w, videotape. (Garner Ted
Armstrong, program no. 619) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. ©
Worldwide Church of God; 3Nov74; MP26797.


MP26798.

Resurrection. Ambassador College. 28 min., sd., b & w, videotape.
(Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 620) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of
God. © Worldwide Church of God; 10Nov74; MP26798.


MP26799.

Real Jesus, Seattle campaign. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., b & w,
videotape. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 617) Appl. au: Worldwide
Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 17Nov74; MP26799.


MP26800.

Garner Ted Armstrong Seattle campaign—repentance. Ambassador College. 29
min., sd., b & w, videotape. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 618)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 24Nov74;
MP26800.


MP26801.

The Occult. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., b & w, videotape. (Garner
Ted Armstrong, program no. 623) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. ©
Worldwide Church of God; 8Dec74; MP26801.


MP26802.

Metric system film loops. Houghton Mifflin Company. Made by Davidson
Films, Inc. 6 motion pictures, 4 min. each, si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Houghton Mifflin Company; 27Mar75; MP26802.


MP26803.

Human sexuality: manual stimulation—male and female. Cinematherapy, Inc.
11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Human sexuality: its anatomy, physiology
and psychology) Appl. au: Paul R. Miller. © Paul R. Miller; 31Dec74;
MP26803.


MP26804.

Human sexuality; heterosexual intercourse. Cinematherapy, Inc. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Human sexuality: its anatomy, physiology and
psychology) Appl. au: Paul R. Miller. © Paul R. Miller; 31Dec74;
MP26804.


MP26805.

Women in management: threat or opportunity? Ziff-Davis Publishing
Company. Made by CRM Productions, Inc. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Behavior and business film series) © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company;
31Dec74 (in notice: 1975); MP26805.


MP26806.

Holy Land. NBC News. Produced in association with the National Council
of Churches. 58 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: National Broadcasting
Company, Inc. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 19Oct73; MP26806.


MP26807.

Discovery. NBC News. Produced in association with the Southern Baptist
Convention Radio and Television Commission. 58 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Southern Baptist hour) Appl. au: National Broadcasting Company, Inc. ©
National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 29Oct73; MP26807.


MP26808.

On death and dying. NBC Religious Programs Unit. Produced in association
with Division for Film and Broadcasting, United States Catholic
Conference. 58 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: National Broadcasting
Company, Inc. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 30Oct74; MP26808.


MP26809.

The Seeds. NBC News. Produced in association with the National Council
of Churches. 58 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: National Broadcasting
Company, Inc. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 30Oct74; MP26809.


MP26810.

Color matching acrylic lacquers and acrylic enamels. Motors Insurance
Company. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm. App. au: Motors Insurance
Corporation. © Motors Insurance Corporation; 13Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
MP26810.


MP26811.

Joining PVC and CPVC plastic pipe. Marshall Maintenance Corporation.
Produced in cooperation with Celanese Piping Systems, Inc. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Pipefitting) Add. ti: Joining plastic pipe. © Marshall
Maintenance Corporation; 18Mar75; MP26811.


MP26812.

The Great tire chase. Tire Industry Safety Council. Made by Richard S.
Milbauer Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Tire Industry Safety
Council; 18Mar75; MP26812.


MP26813.

Chain reaction. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company,
Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti: X-chain reaction football. ©
Colgate-Palmolive Company; 6May74; MP26813.


MP26814.

Onion. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company, Inc. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 29Apr74; MP26814.


MP26815.

Fingerprints and water rings. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William
Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 3Sep74; MP26815.


MP26816.

Coffee shop. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company,
Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 22Aug74;
MP26816.


MP26817.

Mailman. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company, Inc.
30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 3Sep74;
MP26817.


MP26818.

Quartette. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company, Inc.
30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 10Sep74;
MP26818.


MP26819.

Marina Horner: portrait of a person. Radcliffe College. Made by Phoenix
Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Radcliffe College; 11Sep73;
MP26819.


MP26820.

The Pressure is on. Lee Creative Communications, Inc. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Walter L. Lee. © Lee Creative Communications,
Inc.; 10Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP26820.


MP26821.

North Dakota: flickertail flashbacks. North Dakota American Revolution
Bicentennial Commission, 1776 – 1976. Made by Bill Snyder Films, Inc. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: William D. Snyder. NM: compilation. ©
Bill Snyder Films, Inc.; 30Dec74; MP26821.


MP26822.

Viracocha. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.;
15Nov74; MP26822.


MP26823.

Potato planters. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff,
Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26823.


MP26824.

The Children knew. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 33 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff,
Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26824.


MP26825.

The Spirit possession of Alejandro Mamani. American Universities Field
Staff, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American
Universities Field Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26825.


MP26826.

Shower. The Gillette Company. Made by the J. Walter Thompson Company. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette Company;
6Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26826.


MP26827.

Bathroom. The Gillette Company. Made by the J. Walter Thompson Company.
30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette Company;
6Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26827.


MP26828.

Dinner date. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson Company.
30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette Company;
16Apr74; MP26828.


MP26829.

Wouldn’t hurt a thigh. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson
Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette
Company; 9Sep74; MP26829.


MP26830.

Watch over. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson Company. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette Company;
2Dec74; MP26830.


MP26831.

Countertop-short. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson
Company. 15 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette
Company; 24Mar74; MP26831.


MP26832.

Before the revolution. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson
Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette
Company; 20Apr74; MP26832.


MP26833.

Presenter demo. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson
Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette
Company; 29May74; MP26833.


MP26834.

Checks and pecks. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson
Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette
Company; 2Dec74; MP26834.


MP26835.

Mrs. B.—revised. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson
Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette
Company; 22May74; MP26835.


MP26836.

Viva presenter. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter Thompson
Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The Gillette
Company; 2Feb74; MP26836.


MP26837.

Wild cricket countertop. The Gillette Company. Made by J. Walter
Thompson Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gillette a.a.d.o. The
Gillette Company; 31May74; MP26837.


MP26838.

76 Chevrolet merchandising materials. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by Audio Visual Department. 11 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Chevrolet Motor Division—General
Motors Corporation); 18Apr75; MP26838.


MP26839.

Gym period. TeleKetics. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Nicholas
Frangakis. © Nicholas Frangakis; 1Apr75 (in notice: 1974); MP26839.


MP26840.

Snorkeling skills and rescue techniques. The American National Red
Cross. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The
American National Red Cross; 17Oct72; MP26840.


MP26841.

Non-swimming rescues. The American National Red Cross. 7 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National Red
Cross; 30Dec74; MP26841.


MP26842.

Removal from the water. The American National Red Cross. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National Red
Cross; 30Dec74; MP26842.


MP26843.

Boating safety and rescues. The American National Red Cross. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National
Red Cross; 30Dec74; MP26843.


MP26844.

Preventive lifeguarding. The American National Red Cross. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National Red
Cross; 30Dec74; MP26844.


MP26845.

Survival swimming. The American National Red Cross. 7 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National Red Cross;
30Dec74; MP26845.


MP26846.

Special equipment rescues. The American National Red Cross. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National Red
Cross; 30Dec74; MP26846.


MP26847.

Swimming rescues. The American National Red Cross. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National Red Cross;
30Dec74; MP26847.


MP26848.

Defenses, releases and escapes. The American National Red Cross. 7 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Lifesaving and water safety) © The American National
Red Cross; 30Dec74; MP26848.


MP26849.

It’s a matter of pride. FilmFair Communications. 17 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 2Apr75; MP26849.


MP26850.

A Tale of Till. FilmFair Communications. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 20Mar75; MP26850.


MP26851.

Sequential logic. The University of Michigan Department of Electrical
and Computer Engineering. Made by the University of Michigan
Audio-Visual Education Center. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Introduction
to digital logic, pt. 2) © The University of Michigan; 3Feb75 (in
notice: 1974); MP26851.


MP26852.

The Band director. The Office of University Relations and Development.
Made by The University of Michigan Audio-Visual Education Center. 33
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The University of Michigan; 2Jan75; MP26852.


MP26853.

VSAM. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Virtual storage concepts) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
3Mar75; MP26853.


MP26854.

Estimation. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Project management) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
3Mar75; MP26854.


MP26855.

Teleprocessing programming considerations. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (IMS) © Edutronics
Systems International, Inc.; 10Feb75; MP26855.


MP26856.

Teleprocessing concepts. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (IMS) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
10Feb75; MP26856.


MP26857.

Pulmonary complications in shock. The Upjohn Company. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Upjohn Vanguard of Medicine) © The Upjohn Company;
9Dec74; MP26857.


MP26858.

Connie’s clothing corner. KOCE-TV. Produced in cooperation with
Fullerton College & Community College District, North Orange County. 30
motion pictures (30 min. each), sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in
cassette. © North Orange County Community College District & Fullerton
College; 19Mar74; MP26858.


MP26859.

Plasticizers. General Motors Institute. 35 min., sd., color, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (Plastics) © General Motors Institute; 9May75;
MP26859.


MP26860.

Fillers and reinforcing agents. General Motors Institute. 39 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Plastics) © General Motors
Institute; 9May75 (in notice: 1974); MP26860.


MP26861.

Where eye fashion becomes high fashion—A. Pam Fritz Advertising, Inc. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 1974. NM: additions & compilation, ©
Pam Fritz Advertising, Inc.; 15Jan75; MP26861.


MP26862.

Drop by drop to the sea. Q-ED Productions, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: James Dutcher. © James Dutcher; 28May74 (in notice: 1973);
MP26862.


MP26863.

Survival. Mark 4 pictures, Inc. 74 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Mark 4
Pictures, Inc.; 13Mar75; MP26863.


MP26864.

A Thief in the night. Mark 4 Pictures, Inc. 69 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Mark 4 Pictures, Inc.; 5Mar73; MP26864.


MP26865.

Blood on the mountain. Mark 4 Pictures, Inc. 71 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Mark 4 Pictures, Inc.; 25Apr74; MP26865.


MP26866.

Millhouse: a white comedy. The Whittier Film Corporation. Released by
New Yorker Films. 97 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. NM: compilation. © The
Whittier Film Corporation; 17Jun71; MP26866.


MP26867.

Fighting for our lives. National Farm Workers Service Center, Inc. 59
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Farm Workers Service Center, Inc.;
28Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP26867.


MP26868.

In search of agreement. California Real Estate Association. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Clark Howat. © California Real Estate
Association; 2Jan74; MP26868.


MP26869.

Observing, recording, mapping and graphing, while studying the habits of
honey bees. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Made by Journal Films, Inc.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Science skills, film no. 1) ©
Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Feb75; MP26869.


MP26870.

Controlling variables, making measurements, while investigating the
growth of giant sunflowers. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. Made by
Journal Films, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Science skills, film
no. 2) © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Feb75; MP26870.


MP26871.

Photomicrotomy of the human brain. Roy Mills & Joel B. Kirkpatrick. 9
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Photomicrotomy of
the whole human brain. © Roy Mills & Joel B. Kirkpatrick; 14Nov74;
MP26871.


MP26872.

A Creation story. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Indiana University. © Indiana University;
4Dec72; MP26872.


MP26873.

Inner city dweller: transportation. Indiana University Audio-Visual
Center. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Indiana University. ©
Indiana University; 15Oct73; MP26873.


MP26874.

Lab safety. Indiana University Department of Chemistry. Produced with
Indiana University Audio-Visual Center. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Indiana University. © Indiana University; 20Jun74; MP26874.


MP26875.

The Film laboratory. Indiana University Audio-Visual Center. Produced in
cooperation with Motion Picture Laboratories, Inc. 19 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Indiana University. © Indiana University; 20Sep74;
MP26875.


MP26876.

Inner city dweller: housing. Indiana University Audio-Visual Center. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Indiana University. © Indiana
University; 16Oct73; MP26876.


MP26877.

What is a triangle? Bill Helvey Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Bill Helvey. © Bill Helvey; 1Apr75; MP26877.


MP26878.

What are squares and rectangles? Bill Helvey Productions. 7 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Bill Helvey. © Bill Helvey; 1Apr75; MP26878.


MP26879.

The Nuclear threat to you. NBC News. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: National Broadcasting Company, Inc. NM: compilation. © National
Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 27Jan75; MP26879.


MP26880.

The Navajo way. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 52 min., sd., color,
16 mm. NM: compilation. © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 29Oct74;
MP26880.


MP26881.

Register and vote. Lee Creative Communications, Inc. 1 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Walter L. Lee. © Lee Creative Communications, Inc.;
12May75; MP26881.


MP26882.

Support your child in school. Lee Creative Communications, Inc. 1 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Lee Creative Communications, Inc.; 12May75;
MP26882.


MP26883.

The POW’s: pawns of war. Pt. 1. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS reports) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. NM:
compilation. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 21Jun71; MP26883.


MP26884.

Birds in winter. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 2nd ed. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 14Apr75; MP26884.


MP26885.

Billy the Clean. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 2nd ed. of How Billy keeps clean. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Feb75;
MP26885.


MP26886.

Understanding instructions. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Mar75; MP26886.


MP26887.

Making sense with sentences. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Feb75; MP26887.


MP26888.

Good time mathematics. The Amazing Life Games Company. 24 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Holt, Rinehart and Winston, Inc.; 12Oct72; MP26888.


MP26889.

Preparation and transfusion of platelet concentrates. American Society
of Clinical Pathologists. 28 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in
cassette. (Professional education series) Appl. au: Richard H. Walker. ©
American Society of Clinical Pathologists; 1May75; MP26889.


MP26890.

The General. Episode 4. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
American parade) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. NM: compilation. © CBS, Inc.;
4Dec74; MP26890.


MP26891.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 7. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 15Feb75; MP26891.


MP26892.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 1. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 4Jan75; MP26892.


MP26893.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 4. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 25Jan75; MP26893.


MP26894.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 10. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 8Mar75; MP26894.


MP26895.

Ethics. Pt. A. Florida Board of Regents for Florida State University in
cooperation with the Office of Sheriff, Jacksonville & Police
Department, Tallahassee. Distributed by Harper and Row Publishers, Inc.
21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension) © Florida
Board of Regents for Florida State University; 15Apr75; MP26895.


MP26896.

Stress. Florida Board of Regents for Florida State University in
cooperation with the Office of Sheriff, Jacksonville & Police
Department, Tallahassee. Distributed by Harper and Row Publishers, Inc.
21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension) © The Florida
Board of Regents acting for and on behalf of Florida State University;
15Apr75; MP26896.


MP26897.

Minorities. Florida Board of Regents for Florida State University in
cooperation with the Office of Sheriff, Jacksonville & Police
Department, Tallahassee. Distributed by Harper and Row Publishers, Inc.
17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension) © Florida
Board of Regents acting for and on behalf of Florida State University;
15Apr75; MP26897.


MP26898.

Authority. Pt. A. Florida Board of Regents for Florida State University
in cooperation with the Office of Sheriff, Jacksonville & Police
Department, Tallahassee. Distributed by Harper and Row Publishers, Inc.
18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension) © Florida
Board of Regents acting for and on behalf of Florida State University;
15Apr75; MP26898.


MP26899.

Math readiness: Which go together? (Set building) Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Apr75; MP26899.


MP26900.

Math readiness: This one with that one (one-to-one matching) Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 7Apr75;
MP26900.


MP26901.

Math readiness: Up, down, all around (directional relationships) Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Apr75;
MP26901.


MP26902.

Geometry—what’s that? Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media,
a division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Feb75; MP26902.


MP26903.

Women in a changing world. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. &
International Planned Parenthood Federation. 48 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff, Inc. &
International Planned Parenthood Federation; 15Jan75; MP26903.


MP26904.

Cesarean section. Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation. Made by Wexler
Films. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Modern obstetrics) © Ortho
Pharmaceutical Corporation; 17Feb75; MP26904.


MP26905.

Every ending is a new beginning. Albany Medical College. Made by the New
York Network, a service of the State University of New York. 19 min.,
sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Donald P. Swartz. ©
Albany Medical College; 23Dec74; MP26905.


MP26906.

Weekend. Program 9. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 75 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © National Broadcasting Company,
Inc.; 9Apr75; MP26906.


MP26907.

Volunteers against heart disease. Michigan Heart Association. Produced
in cooperation with the University of Michigan, Department of Speech
Communication and Theater. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Allan
Pietras. © Michigan Heart Association; 14Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
MP26907.


MP26908.

Konrad Lorenz: science of animal behavior. National Geographic Society.
Produced in association with Jack Kaufman Productions, Inc. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society; 13May75; MP26908.


MP26909.

The Tool users. National Geographic Society. Produced in association
with Jack Kaufman Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Geographic Society; 13May75; MP26909.


MP26910.

Invertebrates: conditioning or learning? National Geographic Society.
Produced in association with Jack Kaufman Productions, Inc. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society; 1May75; MP26910.


MP26911.

Do animals reason? National Geographic Society. Produced in association
with Jack Kaufman Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Geographic Society; 13May75; MP26911.


MP26912.

The Function of beauty in nature. National Geographic Society. Produced
in association with Jack Kaufman Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © National Geographic Society; 1May75; MP26912.


MP26913.

Examination of the breasts and axillae. J. B. Lippincott Company. 6
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination) Appl.
au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26913.


MP26914.

Examination of the neurologic system. Pt. 1. J. B. Lippincott Company.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination)
Appl. au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26914.


MP26915.

Examination of the female genitalia, anus and rectum. J. B. Lippincott
Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical
examination) Appl. au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company;
24Jul74; MP26915.


MP26916.

Examination of the thorax. J. B. Lippincott Company. 7 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination) Appl. au: Barbara Bates.
© J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26916.


MP26917.

Examination of pressures and pulses. J. B. Lippincott Company. 5 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination) Appl. au:
Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26917.


MP26918.

Examination of the musculoskeletal system. J. B. Lippincott Company. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination) Appl.
au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26918.


MP26919.

Examination of the neurologic system. Pt. 2. J. B. Lippincott Company.
14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination)
Appl. au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26919.


MP26920.

Examination of the peripheral vascular system. J. B. Lippincott Company.
9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination)
Appl. au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26920.


MP26921.

Examination of the head and neck. J. B. Lippincott Company. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination) Appl. au:
Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26921.


MP26922.

Examination of the heart. J. B. Lippincott Company. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination) Appl. au: Barbara Bates.
© J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26922.


MP26923.

Special procedures of the pediatric physical examination. J. B.
Lippincott Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to
physical examination) Appl. au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott
Company; 24Jul74; MP26923.


MP26924.

Examination of the male genitalia, anus and rectum. J. B. Lippincott
Company. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical
examination) Appl. au: Barbara Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company;
24Jul74; MP26924.


MP26925.

Examination of the abdomen. J. B. Lippincott Company. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (A Visual guide to physical examination) Appl. au: Barbara
Bates. © J. B. Lippincott Company; 24Jul74; MP26925.


MP26926.

Woman is. Sandy Ostertag. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Sandy Ostertag;
28Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP26926.


MP26927.

First year, A.D. Franciscan Communications Center. Distributed by
TeleKetics. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Franciscan Communications
Center; 1Apr75; MP26927.


MP26928.

Mrs. Lockhart/hand conscious. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William
Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 10Mar75; MP26928.


MP26929.

Mrs. Lockhart/organ player. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William
Esty Company, Inc. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive
Company; 10Mar75; MP26929.


MP26930.

Mrs. Heintz/hands out, revised. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by
William Esty Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Colgate-Palmolive Company; 10Mar75; MP26930.


MP26931.

Mrs. Heintz/party hands. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty
Company, Inc. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
10Mar75; MP26931.


MP26932.

Laura Baugh/love life. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty
Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
18Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26932.


MP26933.

Magic. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company, Inc. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 12Mar75 (in
notice: 1974); MP26933.


MP26934.

Master lighter. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company,
Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 26Nov74;
MP26934.


MP26935.

Little sister. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty Company,
Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 18Jan75;
MP26935.


MP26936.

Air of Irish Spring. Colgate-Palmolive Company. Made by William Esty
Company, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company;
12Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP26936.


MP26937.

Musical phonology. Amberson video production in cooperation with
WGBH-Boston. 75 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 1) (Norton lectures, 1973: The
Unanswered question) Appl. au: Leonard Bernstein. © Leonard Bernstein;
24May74 (in notice: 1973); MP26937.


MP26938.

Musical semantics. Amberson video production in cooperation with
WGBH-Boston. 97 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 3) (Norton lectures, 1973; The
Unanswered question) Appl. au: Leonard Bernstein. © Leonard Bernstein;
24May74 (in notice: 1973); MP26938.


MP26939.

Cassius Clay versus Doug Jones, March 13, 1963, New York, New York.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11. min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Cassius Clay—Doug Jones, March 10,
1963, New York City. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of
the Century, Inc.; 13Nov73; MP26939.


MP26940.

Jack Dempsey versus Cowboy Lutrell, Atlanta, Georgia, July 1, 1940.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Jack Dempsey versus Cowboy Lutrell,
July 1, 1940, Atlanta, Georgia. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub.
29May64, MP14624. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights
of the Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26940.


MP26941.

Cassius Clay versus Sonny Banks, New York, New York, February 10, 1962.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Cassius Clay versus Sonny Banks,
February 10, 1962, New York, New York. Appl. au: William D. Cayton.
Prev. pub. 19May67, MP17129. NM: additional cinematographic work. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26941.


MP26942.

Cassius Clay versus Billy Daniels, New York, New York, May 19, 1962.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Cassius Clay versus Billy Daniels,
May 19, 1962, New York, New York. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev.
pub. 20Apr67, MP17065. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26942.


MP26943.

Eder Jofre versus Fighting Harada for the Bantamweight Championship of
the World, Nagoya, Japan, May 17, 1965. Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add.
ti: Eder Jofre versus Fighting Harada, May 17, 1965, Nagoya, Japan.
Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
16Apr73; MP26943.


MP26944.

Joe Brown versus Dave Charnley, Manchester, England, February 25, 1963.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joe Brown versus Dave Charnley,
February 25, 1963, Manchester, England. Appl. au: William D. Cayton.
Prev. pub. 29May64, MP14649. NM: additional cinematographic work. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26944.


MP26945.

Kid Gavilan versus Johnny Bratton, Chicago, Illinois, November 28, 1951.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Kid Gavilan versus Johnny Bratton,
2nd, November 28, 1951, Chicago, Illinois. Appl. au: William D. Cayton.
Prev. reg. 7Jan55, C8340. NM: new cinematographic work. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26945.


MP26946.

Jake LaMotta versus Billy Kilgore, Miami Beach, Florida, April 14, 1954.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Billy Kilgore—Jack LaMotta, April
14, 1954, Miami Beach, Florida. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26946.


MP26947.

Gene Fullmer versus Rocky Castellani, Cleveland, Ohio, January 4, 1956.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Gene Fullmer versus Rocky
Castellani, January 4, 1956, Cleveland, Ohio. Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26947.


MP26948.

Willie Pastrano versus Terry Downs for the World Light Heavyweight
Championship, Manchester, England, November 30, 1964. Greatest Fights of
the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Add. ti: Willie Pastrano versus Terry Downs, November 30, 1964,
Manchester, England. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of
the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26948.


MP26949.

Lee Savold versus Bruce Woodcock, London, England, June 6, 1950.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Lee Savold versus Bruce Woodcock,
June 6, 1950, London, England. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP26949.


MP26950.

Roberto Duran versus Hiroshi Kobayashi, Panama City, Panama, October 1,
1971. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Roberto Duran—Hiroshi
Kobayashi, October 1, 1971, Panama City, Panama. Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26950.


MP26951.

Max Baer versus King Levinsky, Reno, Nevada, July 4, 1932. Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights
of the decades) Add. ti: Max Baer versus King Levinsky, July 4, 1932,
Reno, Nevada. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26951.


MP26952.

Ruben Olivares versus Shuji Chiyota, Chicago, Illinois, July 22, 1970.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., color., 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 8Sep73; MP26952.


MP26953.

Gene Fullmer versus Benny (Kid) Paret for the middleweight title, Las
Vegas, Nevada, December 9, 1961. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Benny
(Kid) Paret versus Gene Fullmer, December 9, 1961. Las Vegas, Nevada.
Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
17Mar73; MP26953.


MP26954.

Ingemar Johansson versus Joe Erskine for European Heavyweight
Championship, Gothenburg, Sweden, February 21, 1958. Greatest Fights of
the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Add. ti: Ingemar Johansson versus Joe Erskine, February 21,
1958, Goehenburg (sic), Sweden. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 16Apr66; MP26954.


MP26955.

Willie Pep versus Fabala Chavez, Saint Louis, Missouri, November 19,
1952. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Willie Pep versus Fabala
Chavez, November 19, 1952, Saint Louis, Missouri. Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 19Mar72; MP26955.


MP26956.

Ray Robinson versus Joey Archer, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, November 10,
1965. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Sugar Ray Robinson versus Joey
Archer, November 10, 1965, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Appl. au: William
D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 2Feb72; MP26956.


MP26957.

Marcel Cerdan versus Robert Charron, Paris, France, May 25, 1946.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Marcel Cerdan versus Robert Charron,
May 25, 1946, Paris France—Ralph Barnley, December 8, 1945, Rome, Italy.
Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
15Feb72; MP26957.


MP26958.

Rocky Graziano versus Tony Janiro, Detroit, Michigan, September 19,
1951. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Rocky Graziano versus Tony
Janiro, September 19, 1951, Detroit, Michigan. Appl. au: William D.
Cayton. Prev. pub. 29May64, MP14648. NM: additional cinematographic
work. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP26958.


MP26959.

Archie Moore versus Yvonne Durelle, Montreal, Canada, December 10, 1958.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Archie Moore versus Yvonne Durelle,
first, December 10, 1958, Montreal, Canada. Appl. au: William D. Cayton.
Prev. pub. 29May64, MP14623. NM: additional cinematographic work. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP26959.


MP26960.

Curtis Cokes versus Willie Ludick, Dallas, Texas, April 16, 1968.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Curtis Cokes versus Willie Ludick,
April 16, 1968, Dallas, Texas. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc.; 15Feb72; MP26960.


MP26961.

Jose Torres versus Willie Pastrano, New York, March 30, 1965. Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights
of the decades) Add. ti: Jose Torres versus Billie Pastrano, March 30,
1965, New York, New York. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub.
19May67, MP17084. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights
of the Century, Inc.; 17Mar72; MP26961.


MP26962.

Joey Giardello versus Terry Downes, London, England, October 11, 1960.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Joey Giardello versus Terry Downes,
October 11, 1960, London, England. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 2Jan72; MP26962.


MP26963.

Harold Johnson versus Paul Andrews, Chicago, Illinois, March 17, 1954.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Harold Johnson versus Paul Andrews,
March 17, 1954, Chicago, Illinois. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 9May72; MP26963.


MP26964.

Carl “Bobo” Olson versus Rocky Castellani, San Francisco, California,
August 20, 1954. Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b &
w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Carl “Bobo” Olson
versus Rocky Castellani, August 20, 1954, San Francisco, California.
Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.;
16Apr72; MP26964.


MP26965.

James Carter versus Paddy DeMarco for Lightweight Championship, San
Francisco, California, November 17, 1954. Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Add. ti: Jimmy Carter versus Paddy DeMarco, November 17, 1954,
San Francisco, California. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. Prev. pub.
29May64, MP15024. NM: additional cinematographic work. © Greatest Fights
of the Century, Inc.; 18Oct69; MP26965.


MP26966.

Kid Gavilan versus Fitzie Pruden, Indianapolis, Indiana, May 28, 1952.
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Big fights of the decades) Add. ti: Kid Gavilan versus Fitzie Pruden,
May 28, 1952, Indianapolis, Indiana. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 18Oct69; MP26966.


MP26967.

Boran women. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. Produced in
cooperation with the National Film School of Great Britain & the
Ministry of Natural Resources, Government of Kenya. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.;
15Nov74; MP26967.


MP26968.

Boran herdsmen. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. Produced in
cooperation with the National Film School of Great Britain & the
Ministry of Natural Resources, Government of Kenya. 17 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff, Inc.;
15Nov74; MP26968.


MP26969.

Harambee (pull together) American Universities Field Staff, Inc.
Produced in cooperation with the National Film School of Great Britain &
the Ministry of Natural Resources, Government of Kenya. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff,
Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26969.


MP26970.

Israel: the 20th century miracle. Bob Bailey Productions. 55 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Bob Bailey Studios, Inc. © Bob Bailey Studios,
Inc.; 1Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP26970.


MP26971.

The Great force. Southern Pacific Transportation Company & San Francisco
Police Department. 43 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Southern Pacific
a.a.d.o. Southern Pacific Transportation Company; 8Feb73; MP26971.


MP26972.

Radical mastectomy; a no-touch technique. Edward Weck and Company, Inc.
19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Edward Weck and Company, Inc.; 31Dec74;
MP26972.


MP26973.

Grand Canyon adventure. Albert J. Copley. Produced in cooperation with
Colorado River and Trail Expeditions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Albert J. Copley; 15Dec74; MP26973.


MP26974.

The Joy of communication. Dana Productions, a division of Saparoff
Films, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Albert Saparoff d.b.a.
Dana Productions, division of Saparoff Films, Ind. (sic) © Dana
Productions, a division of Saparoff Films, Inc.; 15May75; MP26974.


MP26975.

Andean women. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field Staff,
Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26975.


MP26976.

Magic and Catholicism. American Universities Field Staff, Inc. 34 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faces of change) © American Universities Field
Staff, Inc.; 15Nov74; MP26976.


MP26977.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, February 23, 1975. CBS, Inc.
15 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23Feb75; MP26977.


MP26978.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 1, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Mar75;
MP26978.


MP26979.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, February 24, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Feb75; MP26979.


MP26980.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, February 25, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Feb75; MP26980.


MP26981.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, February 26, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Feb75; MP26981.


MP26982.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, February 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
27Feb75; MP26982.


MP26983.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, February 28, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Feb75; MP26983.


MP26984.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, February 24, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Feb75; MP26984.


MP26985.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, February 25, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Feb75; MP26985.


MP26986.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, February 26, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 26Feb75; MP26986.


MP26987.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, February 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
27Feb75; MP26987.


MP26988.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, February 28, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Feb75; MP26988.


MP26989.

Beehive Superbee display terminal. Sorbus, Inc. 80 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (½ in.) © Sorbus, Inc.; 1May75; MP26989.


MP26990.

Guts, feathers, and all. Northwoods Studio. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Ronald H. Arnold d.b.a. Northwoods Studio. © Weyerhaeuser
Company; 18Feb75; MP26990.


MP26991.

Hands. James Beveridge Associates. Produced in association with Mainichi
Film Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Mobil Petroleum
Company. © Mobil Petroleum Company; 15May75; MP26991.


MP26992.

Go electric. International Harvester Company. 9 min., sd., color. Super
8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 2Jul74; MP26992.


MP26993.

The Quiet line. International Harvester Company. 9 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 6Aug74;
MP26993.


MP26994.

Lawn and garden tractor attachments. International Harvester Company. 7
min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester
Company; 6Aug74; MP26994.


MP26995.

Gang up for profit. International Harvester Company. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 3Sep74;
MP26995.


MP26996. Plow shares. International Harvester Company. 8 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company;
3Sep74; MP26996.


MP26997.

TD-8E bullgrader and 125E loader. International Harvester Company. 9
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: TD-8E and 125
bullgrader loader. © International Harvester Company; 4Feb75; MP26997.


MP26998.

TD-7E bullgrader and 100E loader. International Harvester Company. 10
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: TD-7E and 100E
bullgrader loader. © International Harvester Company; 4Feb75; MP26998.


MP26999.

500E bullgrader and loader. International Harvester Company. 10 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company;
4Feb75; MP26999.


MP27000.

The International 95 self-propelled cotton harvester. International
Harvester Company. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add.
ti: 95 cotton stripper. © International Harvester Company; 1Jul74;
MP27000.


MP27001.

2500B backhoe loader. International Harvester Company. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company;
7Oct74; MP27001.


MP27002.

2400B mowing. International Harvester Company. 6 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 7Oct74; MP27002.


MP27003.

2400B landscaping tractor. International Harvester Company. 6 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company;
4Nov74; MP27003.


MP27004.

Hydraulic excavator. International Harvester Company. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: 3964 excavator. ©
International Harvester Company; 1Apr74; MP27004.


MP27005.

3600A / 3820A backhoe / loaders. International Harvester Company. 7
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm, in cartridge. © International Harvester
Company; 3Jun74; MP27005.


MP27006.

The International Harvester S-8 logger. International Harvester Company.
8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: S-8 pay logger. ©
International Harvester Company; 6Aug74; MP27006.


MP27007.

140 plow. International Harvester Company. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 3Sep74; MP27007.


MP27008.

241 big roll baler. International Harvester Company. 8 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 7Oct74;
MP27008.


MP27009.

Plowing unlimited. International Harvester Company. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 7Oct74;
MP27009.


MP27010.

490 disk harrow. International Harvester Company. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © International Harvester Company; 7Oct74;
MP27010.


MP27011.

The Age of ballyhoo. Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc. 50 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The American documents) NM: compilation. © Post-Newsweek
Stations, Inc.; 13Jun73; MP27011.


MP27012.

An Inaugural souvenir. Post-Newsweek Productions, a division of
Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The American
documents) Appl. au: Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc. NM: compilation. ©
Post-Newsweek Productions, a division of Post-Newsweek Stations, Inc.;
16Jan73; MP27012.


MP27013.

Salvage of the failed primary flexor tendon repair. Robert R. Schenck,
16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Robert R. Schenck; 21Oct74; MP27013.


MP27014.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 4, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4May75;
MP27014.


MP27015.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 10, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 10May75;
MP27015.


MP27016.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 13, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 13Apr75;
MP27016.


MP27017.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19Apr75;
MP27017.


MP27018.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 2, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Mar75;
MP27018.


MP27019.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 8, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Mar75;
MP27019.


MP27020.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 5, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5May75;
MP27020.


MP27021.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 6, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6May75;
MP27021.


MP27022.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 7, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7May75;
MP27022.


MP27023.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 8, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75;
MP27023.


MP27024.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 9, 1975, CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9May75;
MP27024.


MP27025.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 5, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5May75;
MP27025.


MP27026.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 6, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6May75;
MP27026.


MP27027.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 7, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7May75;
MP27027.


MP27028.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 8, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75;
MP27028.


MP27029.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 9, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9May75;
MP27029.


MP27030.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 14, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Apr75; MP27030.


MP27031.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 15, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
15Apr75; MP27031.


MP27032.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 16, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Apr75; MP27032.


MP27033.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 17, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
17Apr75; MP27033.


MP27034.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 18, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
18Apr75; MP27034.


MP27035.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 14, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Apr75;
MP27035.


MP27036.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 15, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 15Apr75;
MP27036.


MP27037.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 16, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Apr75; MP27037.


MP27038.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 17, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
17Apr75; MP27038.


MP27039.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, April 18, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18Apr75;
MP27039.


MP27040.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 3, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Mar75;
MP27040.


MP27041.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 4, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Mar75;
MP27041.


MP27042.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 5, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Mar75; MP27042.


MP27043.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 6, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Mar75; MP27043.


MP27044.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 7, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Mar75;
MP27044.


MP27045.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 3, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Mar75;
MP27045.


MP27046.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 4, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Mar75;
MP27046.


MP27047.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 5, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5Mar75;
MP27047.


MP27048.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 6, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6Mar75;
MP27048.


MP27049.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, March 7, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Mar75;
MP27049.


MP27050.

Mutt and Jeff in Oceans of trouble. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 17Jan74; MP27050.


MP27051.

Music and charm. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) Add. ti: Music and charms. © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 15Aug71; MP27051.


MP27052.

Puss in boots. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 15Aug71;
MP27052.


MP27053.

Grampus and Scrappy. William D. Cayton. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) Add. ti: Gramps and Scrappy. © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 15Aug71; MP27053.


MP27054.

Hans Christian Anderson’s (i.e. Andersen’s) The Steadfast tin soldier.
William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies were funny)
© Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 15Aug71; MP27054.


MP27055.

Mutt and Jeff in Soda jerks. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
15Aug71; MP27055.


MP27056.

The Villain pursues her. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
15Aug71; MP27056.


MP27057.

The Dancing bear. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 15Aug71;
MP27057.


MP27058.

Felix the Cat in Sunken treasure. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
15Aug71; MP27058.


MP27059.

On duty. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies
were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 15Aug71; MP27059.


MP27060.

The Little King in Art for art’s sake. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 15Aug71; MP27060.


MP27061.

Misses his Swiss. William D. Cayton. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 2Jan73;
MP27061.


MP27062.

Country boy rabbit. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73;
MP27062.


MP27063.

Magazine rack. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73;
MP27063.


MP27064.

Bosko’s woodland daze. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(When funnies were funny) Add. ti: Bosco’s woodland daze. © Radio and
Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27064.


MP27065.

Farmer Grey in Tuning in. William D. Cayton. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
12Jan73; MP27065.


MP27066.

Mutt and Jeff in The Invisible revenge. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27066.


MP27067.

Mutt and Jeff in Dog missing. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
12Jan73; MP27067.


MP27068.

Mutt and Jeff in Mixing in Mexico. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27068.


MP27069.

Mutt and Jeff in Accidents won’t happen. William D. Cayton. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27069.


MP27070.

Off to the races. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73;
MP27070.


MP27071.

Batter up. William Cayton. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies were
funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27071.


MP27072.

Jack Frost. William D. Cayton. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies
were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27072.


MP27073.

Felix the Cat in Mister Do All. William D. Cayton. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
12Jan73; MP27073.


MP27074.

Mutt and Jeff in They shall not pass. William D. Cayton. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television
Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27074.


MP27075.

Toy shop. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies
were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27075.


MP27076.

Mutt and Jeff in Where am I? William D. Cayton. 8 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
12Jan73; MP27076.


MP27077.

Mutt and Jeff in Egyptian daze. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.;
12Jan73; MP27077.


MP27078.

Felix the Cat in The Inventor. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers. Inc.;
12Jan73; MP27078.


MP27079.

Matt and Jeff in When Hell froze over. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd.,
color. 16 mm. (When funnies were funny) © Radio and Television
Packagers. Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27079.


MP27080.

Cinderella. William D. Cayton. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies
were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27080.


MP27081.

The Underdog. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73;
MP27081.


MP27082.

Spring cleaning. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73;
MP27082.


MP27083.

Big city. William D. Cayton. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies
were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27083.


MP27084.

Chinese lanterns. William D. Cayton. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When
funnies were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73;
MP27084.


MP27085.

Lumberjack. William D. Cayton. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (When funnies
were funny) © Radio and Television Packagers, Inc.; 12Jan73; MP27085.


MP27086.

The Mystery crash. National Safety Council. Made by Jack Lieb
Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Safety Council;
31Dec74; MP27086.


MP27087.

Readin’ and writin’ ain’t everything, Detroit Film Collective, Inc. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Detroit Film Collective, Inc.; 19Mar75;
MP27087.


MP27088.

Water: why it is, what it is. Moody Institute of Science, Educational
Film Division. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Moody Institute of
Science. © Moody Institute of Science; 22May75; MP27088.


MP27089.

1975 model pendulum and barrier tests. Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety; 4Apr75; MP27089.


MP27090.

Insurance Institute for Highway Safety front-into-barrier crash tests:
1975 Oldsmobile “98” sedans. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety;
19May75; MP27090.


MP27091.

The Light fantastic picture show. Pajon Arts. A Films, Inc.
presentation. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pajon Arts; 8Feb74; MP27091.


MP27092.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 3, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3May75;
MP27092.


MP27093.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 27, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 27Apr75;
MP27093.


MP27094.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 6, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6Apr75;
MP27094.


MP27095.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 12, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12Apr75;
MP27095.


MP27096.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, April 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20Apr75;
MP27096.


MP27097.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 26, 1975. 7:00 – 7:30
p.m. CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. ©
CBS, Inc.; 26Apr75; MP27097.


MP27098.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 26, 1975. 6:37 – 7:00
p.m. CBS, Inc. 23 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. ©
CBS, Inc.; 26Apr75; MP27098.


MP27099.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 28, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28Apr75;
MP27099.


MP27100.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 29, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 29Apr75;
MP27100.


MP27101.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 1, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1May75;
MP27101.


MP27102.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 2, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2May75;
MP27102.


MP27103.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 7, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Apr75;
MP27103.


MP27104.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 8, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Apr75;
MP27104.


MP27105.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 9, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Apr75;
MP27105.


MP27106.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 10, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
10Apr75; MP27106.


MP27107.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 28, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Apr75; MP27107.


MP27108.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 29, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
29Apr75; MP27108.


MP27109.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 30, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Apr75; MP27109.


MP27110.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 1, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1May75;
MP27110.


MP27111.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 2, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2May75;
MP27111.


MP27112.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, April 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Apr75;
MP27112.


MP27113.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 22, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 22Apr75;
MP27113.


MP27114.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 23, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23Apr75; MP27114.


MP27115.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 24, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Apr75; MP27115.


MP27116.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, April 25, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 25Apr75;
MP27116.


MP27117.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 21, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21Apr75; MP27117.


MP27118.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 22, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Apr75; MP27118.


MP27119.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 23, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23Apr75; MP27119.


MP27120.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 24, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Apr75; MP27120.


MP27121.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 25, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Apr75; MP27121.


MP27122.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, April 7, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Apr75;
MP27122.


MP27123.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 8, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Apr75;
MP27123.


MP27124.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 9, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
9Apr75; MP27124.


MP27125.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 10, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
10Apr75; MP27125.


MP27126.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 11, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Apr75; MP27126.


MP27127.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 9, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Mar75;
MP27127.


MP27128.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 15, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 15Mar75;
MP27128.


MP27129.

CBS morning news, Monday, March 10, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Add. ti: CBS morning news with Hughes
Rudd, Monday, March 10, 1975. © CBS, Inc.; 10Mar75; MP27129.


MP27130.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, March 11, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Add. ti: CBS morning news with
Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 11, 1975. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75; MP27130.


MP27131.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, March 12, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Add. ti: CBS morning news with
Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 12, 1975. © CBS, Inc.; 12Mar75; MP27131.


MP27132.

CBS morning news, Thursday, March 13, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Add. ti: CBS morning news with
Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 13, 1975. © CBS, Inc.; 13Mar75; MP27132.


MP27133.

CBS morning news, Friday, March 14, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Add. ti: CBS morning news with Hughes
Rudd, Friday, March 14, 1975. © CBS, Inc.; 14Mar75; MP27133.


MP27134.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 10, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
10Mar75; MP27134.


MP27135.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 11, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27135.


MP27136.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 12, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
12Mar75; MP27136.


MP27137.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 13, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
13Mar75; MP27137.


MP27138.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 14, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Mar75; MP27138.


MP27139.

What’s a convention all about? Pt. 2. The Republicans. CBS News. 30
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News special report for young people)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Aug72; MP27139.


MP27140.

What makes a Gershwin tune a Gershwin tune? CBS Television Network. 60
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 29Sep74; MP27140.


MP27141.

The Virtuoso orchestra: a show-off concert. CBS Television Network. 60
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 11Mar73; MP27141.


MP27142.

60 minutes. Vol. 7, no. 11. CBS News. Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
15Mar75; MP27142.


                                   MU


MU9178.

Rango, Jr. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 2Dec74; MU9178.


MU9179.

Very young. Rev. 1. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 11Dec74; MU9179.


MU9180.

Annette. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 11Dec74; MU9180.


MU9181.

Child power. Bettye J. Andrews, 30 min., sd., color, videotape. © Bettye
J. Andrews; 9Jan75; MU9181.


MU9182.

And the walls came tumbling down. Neal Marshad & Pat Marden. 29 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Neal Marshad; 13Dec74; MU9182.


MU9183.

1974 Clio awards television special. Clio Enterprises, Inc. 90 min.,
sd., color, videotape (2 inch) © TPC Clio Awards Joint Venture; 20Dec74;
MU9183.


MU9184.

Pilot V. DPR Publishers, Inc. 1200 min., sd., color, 55 videotapes. ©
DPR Publishers, Inc.; 13Dec74; MU9184.


MU9185.

Muscular coordination 1: cerebellar cortex and topography. Teaching
Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corporation; 18Dec74; MU9185.


MU9186.

Fire, earth, air, water. David MacAllister. 60 min., videotape. © David
MacAllister; 20Dec74; MU9186.


MU9187.

Being me. Lois S. Goodkind. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lois S.
Goodkind; 16Dec74; MU9187.


MU9188.

Prepared childbirth—for a good beginning. Saint David’s Community
Hospital. 42 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Saint David’s Hospital; 2Jan75;
MU9188.


MU9189.

Homeplace. Michael W. Ford. 27 min., sd. © Michael W. Ford; 30Dec74;
MU9189.


MU9190.

Topographic anatomy of the lower extremity. Pt. 2: Knee, leg, ankle, and
foot. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 19 min., color,
16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corporation; 6Jan75; MU9190.


MU9191.

Bambara Parfait—portrait of a living sculptor of Upper Volta, West
Africa. Joshua Hoffman Productions, Ltd. 12 min. © Joshua Hoffman
Productions, Ltd.; 30Dec74; MU9191.


MU9192.

Dougoutigi—portrait of a living musician of Upper Volta, West Africa.
Joshua Hoffman Productions, Ltd. 9 min. © Joshua Hoffman Productions,
Ltd.; 30Dec74; MU9192.


MU9194.

Jamboree USA. Jamboree U.S.A., Inc. Produced in cooperation with the
staff of WWVA. 60 min., sd., color, videotape (2 in.) © TPC—Jamboree
Joint Venture; 13Jan75; MU9194.


MU9196.

Profit island, U.S.A. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Made by Film
Counselors, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico; 5Feb75; MU9196.


MU9197.

Breathing masks: challenge and change. Teaching Films, Inc., division of
A-V Corporation. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Industrial fire protection
and control) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation;
27Jan75; MU9197.


MU9198.

Animated soundtrack. Experiment no. 1. Mario E. Castillo. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Mario E. Castillo; 23Dec74; MU9198.


MU9199.

Chicago now: The Better to see you. Moynihan Associates, Inc. 28 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Moynihan Associates, Inc.; 22Jan75; MU9199.


MU9200.

Skeletal features of the human skull. Pt. 2: The Face. Teaching Films,
Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal
and topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation; 31Jan75; MU9200.


MU9201.

Topographic anatomy of the upper extremity. Pt. 1: Topography of
shoulder, axilla, arm and elbow. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic
anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 30Jan75;
MU9201.


MU9202.

Skeletal features of the upper extremity. Teaching Films, Inc., division
of A-V Corporation. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and
topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation; 30Jan75; MU9202.


MU9203.

Skeletal features of the upper extremity. Pt. 2: Topography of forearm,
wrist and hand. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic anatomy) © Teaching
Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 30Jan75; MU9203.


MU9204.

Holding revised. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 6Feb75; MU9204.


MU9205.

Peak. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 6Feb75; MU9205.


MU9206.

Three girls revised. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 6Feb75; MU9206.


MU9207.

Real woman revised. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 6Feb75; MU9207.


MU9208.

Principles and clinical applications of fluorescein angiography. Amalie
P. Dunker. 26 min., color. (Wilmer Opthalmological Institute continuing
education program, Johns Hopkins) © Amalie P. Dunker; 13Feb75; MU9208.


MU9209.

Intellect and organization of reaction: frontal lobe. Teaching Films,
Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 14Feb75; MU9209.


MU9210.

Hearing and speech: temporal lobe, insula, limbic cortex. Teaching
Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 14Feb75; MU9210.


MU9211.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 19, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9211.


MU9212.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 20, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9212.


MU9213.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 21, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9213.


MU9214.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 22, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9214.


MU9215.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 23, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9215.


MU9216.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 26, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9216.


MU9217.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 27, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9217.


MU9218.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 28, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9218.


MU9219.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 29, 1974. 6:30.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9219.


MU9220.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 29, 1974. 7:00.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9220.


MU9221.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 30, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9221.


MU9222.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 2, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9222.


MU9223.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 3, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9223.


MU9224.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 5, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9224.


MU9225.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 4, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9225.


MU9226.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 6, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9226.


MU9227.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 9, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9227.


MU9228.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 10, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., videotape. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9228.


MU9229.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 11, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9229.


MU9230.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 12, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9230.


MU9231.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 13, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9231.


MU9232.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 16, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9232.


MU9233.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 17, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9233.


MU9234.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 18, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9234.


MU9235.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 19, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9235.


MU9236.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 20, 1974. 6:30.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9236.


MU9237.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 20, 1974. 7:00.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9237.


MU9238.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 23, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9238.


MU9239.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 24, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9239.


MU9240.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 25, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9240.


MU9241.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 26, 1974.
6:30. CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS. Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9241.


MU9242.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 26, 1974.
7:00. CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9242.


MU9243.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 27, 1974. 6:30.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9243.


MU9244.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 27, 1974. 7:00.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9244.


MU9245.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 30, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75; MU9245.


MU9246.

More than light and shadow. Sinai Hospital of Detroit. Made by Jam Handy
Organization, Inc. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Sinai Hospital of
Detroit; 20Feb75; MU9246.


MU9247.

Agenda for tomorrow. Woodward Academy. Made by Jam Handy Organization,
Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Woodward Academy; 20Feb75; MU9247.


MU9248.

International runaway shop. Mark Erickson Tourtellotte. 23 min., sd.,
videotape. © H. Eric Schlockman & Mark Erickson Tourtellotte; 24Feb75;
MU9248.


MU9249.

Allen Ginsberg at Massosoit Community College, April 2, 1974. Allen
Ginsberg. 180 min., sd. © Poetry Music & Allen Ginsberg; 20Feb75;
MU9249.


MU9250.

Captain Kelly. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 11Mar75; MU9250.


MU9251.

Last night. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd., color. © The Gillette
Company; 11Mar75; MU9251.


MU9252.

Enthusiasm-tram. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 11Mar75; MU9252.


MU9253.

Chores. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
11Mar75; MU9253.


MU9254.

Longer lasting. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 11Mar75; MU9254.


MU9255.

Switched. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
11Mar75; MU9255.


MU9256.

Confidence. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
11Mar75; MU9256.


MU9257.

How it works. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
11Mar75; MU9257.


MU9258.

Perfect shave. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 11Mar75; MU9258.


MU9259.

Try it. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette Company;
11Mar75; MU9259.


MU9260.

Shaving problems. The Gillette Company. 30 sec., sd. © The Gillette
Company; 11Mar75; MU9260.


MU9261.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 1, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9261.


MU9262.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 2, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9262.


MU9263.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 3, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9263.


MU9264.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 4, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9264.


MU9265.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 7, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9265.


MU9266.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 8, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9266.


MU9267.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 9, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9267.


MU9268.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 10, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9268.


MU9269.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 11, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9269.


MU9270.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 14, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9270.


MU9271.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 15, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9271.


MU9272.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 16, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9272.


MU9273.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 17, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9273.


MU9274.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 18, 1974. 6:30.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9274.


MU9275.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 18, 1974. 7:00.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9275.


MU9276.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 21, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9276.


MU9277.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 22, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9277.


MU9278.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 23, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9278.


MU9279.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 24, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9279.


MU9280.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 25, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9280.


MU9281.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 28, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9281.


MU9282.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 29, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9282.


MU9283.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 30, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9283.


MU9284.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 31, 1974. 6:30.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9284.


MU9285.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 31, 1974. 7:00.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9285.


MU9286.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 1, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9286.


MU9287.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 4, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9287.


MU9288.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 5, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9288.


MU9289.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 6, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9289.


MU9290.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 7, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9290.


MU9291.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 8, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9291.


MU9292.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 11, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9292.


MU9293.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 12, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9293.


MU9294.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 13, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9294.


MU9295.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 14, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75; MU9295.


MU9296.

Lost control, Edie Lynch Films, Inc. 45 min., sd., b & w. Appl. au: Edie
Lynch. © Edie Lynch Films, Inc.; 14Mar75; MU9296.


MU9297.

Topographic anatomy of the lower extremity. Pt. 1: Femoral, gluteal and
popliteal regions. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic anatomy) © Teaching
Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 7Mar75; MU9297.


MU9298.

Skeletal features of the lower extremity. Teaching Films, Inc., division
of A-V Corporation. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and
topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation; 7Mar75; MU9298.


MU9299.

Topographic anatomy of the head and neck. Pt. 2: The Face. Teaching
Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Skeletal and topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of
A-V Corporation; 7Mar75; MU9299.


MU9300.

Muscular coordination 2: Cerebellar conducting systems. Teaching Films,
Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of
A-V Corporation; 7Mar75; MU9300.


MU9301.

Functional anatomy of the neck and parotid region. Pt. 1 – 2. Robert A.
Chase & Richard Snell. 2 motion pictures (60 min. each), sd., color, 16
mm. (Functional anatomy of the human body) © Robert A. Chase & Richard
Snell; 13Mar75; MU9301.


MU9302.

Welcome to the family of God. Nathan Bennett and Associates. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Impact evangelism training rules) © Nathan Bennett
and Associates; 21Mar75; MU9302.


MU9303.

Topographic anatomy of the head and neck. Pt. 1: The Neck. Teaching
Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Skeletal and topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of
A-V Corporation; 31Mar75; MU9303.


MU9304.

Full moon over Tortuguero—life and death to the green sea turtle. Mydas
Touch Film Company, Ltd. 40 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Mydas Touch Film
Company, Ltd.; 11Apr75; MU9304.


MU9305.

Eskimo life and customs: 1935 – 1945, Barrow, Alaska. Fred G.
Klerekoper. 3500 ft., b & w, 16 mm. & 8 mm. © Fred G. Klerekoper;
10Apr75; MU9305.


MU9306.

Career opportunities with C and P Telephone. The Chesapeake and Potomac
Telephone Company of Maryland. 13 min., sd., color. © The Chesapeake and
Potomac Telephone Company of Maryland; 22Apr75; MU9306.


MU9307.

A Nigendl—a Jewish family portrait. Edith Segal. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Edith Segal; 11Apr75; MU9307.


MU9308.

The Art of dictation. Word Processing Innovators, Inc. 10 min., sd.,
color. (Word processing) © Word Processing Innovators, Inc.; 11Apr75;
MU9308.


MU9309.

Steam conservation via better steam trap maintenance. Yarway
Corporation. 34 min. © Yarway Corporation; 17Apr75; MU9309.


MU9310.

Synthesis of neuroanatomy 2. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation. 19 min. sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain
function) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 17Apr75;
MU9310.


MU9311.

Synthesis of neuroanatomy 1. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain
function) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 17Apr75;
MU9311.


MU9312.

Money Talks! Lois Campbell Robb. 22 min., sd. © Lois Campbell Robb;
11Apr75; MU9312.


MU9313.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 15, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9313.


MU9314.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 18, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9314.


MU9315.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 19, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9315.


MU9316.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 20, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9316.


MU9317.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 21, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9317.


MU9318.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 22, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9318.


MU9319.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 25, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9319.


MU9320.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 26, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9320.


MU9321.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, November 27, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9321.


MU9322.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, November 28, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9322.


MU9323.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, November 29, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9323.


MU9324.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, December 2, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd, © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9324.


MU9325.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, December 3, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9325.


MU9326.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, December 4, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9326.


MU9327.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, December 5, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9327.


MU9328.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, December 6, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9328.


MU9329.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, December 9, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9329.


MU9330.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, December 10, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9330.


MU9331.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, December 11, 1974.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9331.


MU9332.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, December 12, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9332.


MU9333.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, December 13, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9333.


MU9334.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, December 16, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 8May75; MU9334.


MU9335.

Talker. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti:
Plant talker. © Alberto Culver Company; 21Apr75; MU9335.


MU9336.

Man from VO5. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 21Apr75; MU9336.


MU9337.

The Zygoma and zygomatic arches. Learning Resources Center, College of
DuPage. 17 min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl.
au: College of DuPage. © College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9337.


MU9338.

The Tempero-mandibular joints. Learning Resources Center, College of
DuPage. 15 min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl.
au: College of DuPage. © College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9338.


MU9339.

The Sella turcica. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 20
min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College
of DuPage. © College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9339.


MU9340. The Orbits and optic foramina. Learning Resources Center,
College of DuPage, 18 min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology
program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College of DuPage; 1May75;
MU9340.


MU9341.

The Adult chest. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 16 min.,
sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of
DuPage. © College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9341.


MU9342.

The Abdomen. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 26 min., sd.,
videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage.
© College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9342.


MU9343.

The Sacrum and coccyx. Learning Resources Center, College of Dupage. 23
min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College
of DuPage. © College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9343.


MU9344.

The Mandible. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 15 min.,
sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of
DuPage. © College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9344.


MU9345.

The Pelvic girdle. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 27
min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College
of Dupage. © College of DuPage; 1May75; MU9345.


MU9346.

Proximal extremities. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 28
min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College
of DuPage. © College of Dupage; 1May75; MU9346.


MU9347.

The Distal extremities. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 39
min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Add. ti: Upper and
lower distal extremities. Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College of
DuPage; 1May75; MU9347.


MU9348.

The Routine skull. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 16
min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Add. ti: Routine
skull examination. Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College of DuPage;
1May75; MU9348.


MU9349.

The Shoulder girdle. Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage. 26
min., sd., videotape. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College
of Dupage. © College of DuPage; 30Apr75; MU9349.


MU9350.

Ooops. The Video Works Corporation. 47 min., sd. (Hot gorilla) © The
Video Works Corporation; 28Apr75; MU9350


MU9351.

Mysteries—from beyond. American National Enterprises, Inc., 93 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American National Enterprises, Inc.; 22Apr75;
MU9351.


MU9352.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 13, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9352.


MU9353.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, February 14, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9353.


MU9354.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, February 22, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9354.


MU9355.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 1, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9355.


MU9356.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 21, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9356.


MU9357.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 2, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9357.


MU9358.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 3, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9358.


MU9359.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 30, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9359.


MU9360.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 6, 1974. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9360.


MU9361.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 8, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9361.


MU9362.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 7, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9362.


MU9363.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 20, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9363.


MU9364.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 26, 1974. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9364.


MU9365.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 1, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9365.


MU9366.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 2, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9366.


MU9367.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 12, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9367.


MU9368.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 15, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9368.


MU9369.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 16, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9369.


MU9370.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 2, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9370.


MU9371.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 5, 1974. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75; MU9371.


MU9372.

New package. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 12May75; MU9372.


MU9373.

The Conalco story. Conalco, Inc. Made by the Jam Handy Organization,
Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Conalco, Inc.; 8May75; MU9373.


MU9374.

Three times more. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 22May75; MU9374.


MU9375.

Multi-level chemical/petroleum fire. Teaching Films, Inc., division of
A-V Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Industrial fire protection
and control) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation;
12May75; MU9375.


MU9376.

Process. David Lawrence Robman. 7 min. © David Lawrence Robman; 12May75;
MU9376.


MU9377.

The Oneida family of John Humphrey Noyes. Milton H. Jannone. 23 min., b
& w, 16 mm. © Milton H. Jannone; 7May75; MU9377.


MU9378.

The Patient with edema: new concepts, approaches, problems.
Hoechst-Roussel pharmaceuticals, Inc. 210 min., sd., color, videotape. ©
Hoechst-Roussel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 13May75; MU9378.


MU9379.

The Swindler. Execudec, Inc. 40 min., sd. © Execudec, Inc.; 5May75;
MU9379.


MU9380.

The Flying Dutchman. Chaz Productions, Inc. 18 min., sd. © Chaz
Productions, Inc.; 21May75; MU9380.


MU9381.

L’Impress. Leslie Louise Tashjian. 14 min., color, 16 mm. © Leslie
Louise Tashjian: 27May75; MU9381.


MU9382.

You can’t put the future on hold. New Jersey Bell Telephone Company.
Made by Wren Associates, Inc. 13 min. © New Jersey Bell Telephone
Company; 3Jun75; MU9382.


MU9383.

Magic City. John Ferguson. 29 min., sd., color. © John Ferguson;
14May75; MU9383.


MU9384.

Scans computer-controlled testing systems. Scans Associates, Inc. 12
min., color, 16 mm. © Scans Associates, Inc.; 30May75; MU9384.


MU9385.

Male presenter. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 21May75; MU9385.


MU9386.

Breakfast. Stanford Heart Disease Prevention Program. 26 min., sd.,
color, videotape. (Cooking for a healthy heart) © Trustees of Leland
Stanford Junior University; 9Jun75; MU9386.


MU9387.

Dinner. Stanford Heart Disease Prevention Program. 26 min., sd., color,
videotape. (Cooking for a healthy heart) © Trustees of Leland Stanford
Junior University; 9Jun75; MU9387.


MU9388.

Self-examination of the breast. Learning Resources Center, College of
DuPage. 10 min., sd. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College
of DuPage. © College of DuPage; 13Jun75; MU9388.


MU9389.

The Structure, gait and handling of the Weimaraner. T. W. & Loretta
Jarmie. 75 min., color, 8 mm. © Weimaraner Club of America; 13Jun75;
MU9389.


MU9390.

Both sides of the street. Ian McIver Motion Pictures. 16 min., color, 16
mm. © Ian McIver; 9Jun75; MU9390.


MU9391.

Lunch, snacks and dessert. Stanford Heart Disease Prevention Program. 27
min., sd., color, videotape. (Cooking for a healthy heart) © Trustees of
Leland Stanford Junior University; 9Jun75; MU9391.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


                                   R


R594359.

The Mad Hatter. 1 reel. © 27Nov47; M2901. Walter Lantz Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 2Jan75; R594359.


R594628.

Miracle in a cornfield. By Loew’s, Inc. 22 min. © 30Dec47; L1396.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 30Dec74; R594628.


R594629.

It can’t be done. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 min. © 30Dec47; L1443.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 30Dec74; R594629.


R594654.

Captain from Castile. 16 reels. © 25Dec47; L1776. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 31Dec74; R594654.


R594655.

Dangerous years. 7 reels. © 23Dec47; L1890. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 31Dec74; R594655.


R594831.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 225. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 3Dec47; M2616. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594831.


R594832.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 226. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 5Dec47; M2617. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594832.


R594833.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 227. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 10Dec47; M2785. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594833.


R594834.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 228. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 12Dec47; M2786. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594834.


R594835.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 229. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 17Dec47; M2787. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594835.


R594836.

News of the day. vol. 19, issue no. 230. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 19Dec47; M2788. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594836.


R594837.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 231. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 24Dec47; M2789. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594837.


R594838.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 232. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 26Dec47; M2790. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594838.


R594839.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 233. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 31Dec47; M2791. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 13Jan75; R594839.


R595009.

Paramount news, number 35. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
27Dec47; M2656. Major News Library (PWH); 6Jan75; R595009.


R595010.

Paramount news, number 36. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
31Dec47; M2657. Major News Library (PWH); 6Jan75; R595010.


R595011.

Paramount news, number 37. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 2 reels. ©
3Jan48; M2690. Major News Library (PWH); 6Jan75; R595011.


R595026.

The Swordsman. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 17Dec47;
L1354. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595026.


R595027.

Devil ship. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 18Dec47; L1355.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595027.


R595028.

The Prince of thieves. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
18Dec47; L1356. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75;
R595028.


R595029.

Phantom Valley. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 17Dec47;
L1402. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595029.


R595030.

The Fatal doublecross. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea Hound,
chap. 14) 2 reels. © 4Dec47; L1408. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 8Jan75; R595030.


R595031.

Captain Silver’s last stand. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The Sea
Hound, chap. 15) 2 reels. © 11Dec47; L1417. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595031.


R595032.

The Woman from Tangier. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 65 min. ©
31Dec47; L1435. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75;
R595032.


R595033.

Rose of Santa Rosa. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 65 min. © 25Dec47;
L1436. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595033.


R595125.

Heckle and Jeckle, the talking magpies, in The Hitch hikers. By
Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Dec47; L1537. Viacom International, Inc.
(PWH); 6Jan75; R595125.


R595126.

The Wolf’s pardon. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Dec47; L1538. Viacom
International, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595126.


R595127.

Mighty Mouse in Swiss cheese family Robinson. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1
reel. © 19Dec47; L1602. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75;
R595127.


R595128.

Mighty Mouse in Lazy little beaver. By Terry-Toons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
26Dec47; L1613. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595128.


R595249.

The Magic bow. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 105 min. © 11Dec47;
L1673. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 28Jan75; R595249.


R595283.

Siren of Atlantis. By Atlantic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 17Dec48 (in
notice: 1947); L2016. Film Archives Company (PWH); 14Jan75; R595283.


R595284.

Paramount news, number 38. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Jan48;
M2691. Major News Library (PWH); 14Jan75; R595284.


R595285.

Paramount news, number 39. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
10Jan48; M2713. Major News Library (PWH); 14Jan75; R595285.


R595286.

Paramount news, number 40. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
14Jan48; M2714. Major News Library (PWH); 14Jan75; R595286.


R595294.

Boston beanie. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Dec47; L1328. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595294.


R595295.

Rider of Mystery Mesa. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 2) 2 reels. © 8Apr48 (in notice: 1947); L1549. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595295.


R595296.

Dead or alive. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger, episode
no. 3) 2 reels. © 15Apr48 (in notice: 1947); L1552. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595296.


R595297.

Renegade Pass. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger, episode
no. 5) 2 reels. © 29Apr48 (in notice: 1947); L1573. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595297.


R595298.

Mystery of the silver ghost. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex
Granger, episode no. 8) 2 reels. © 20May48 (in notice: 1947); L1603.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595298.


R595299.

Carson’s last draw. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 12) 2 reels. © 17Jun48 (in notice: 1947); L1658. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595299.


R595300.

Riding wild. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger, episode no.
14) 2 reels. © 1Jul48 (in notice: 1947); L1695. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595300.


R595301.

Lo the poor buffalo. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Nov48 (in notice:
1947); L1902. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595301.


R595302.

Coo-coo bird dog. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Jan49 (in notice:
1947); L2036. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595302.


R595303.

Cat-tastrophy. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Jun49 (in notice: 1947);
L2435. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595303.


R595304.

Grape nutty. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Apr49 (in notice: 1947);
L2472. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan75; R595304.


R595422.

Wild Horse Mesa. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 5445 ft. © 19Nov47; L1334.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 13Jan75; R595422.


R595423.

Out of the past. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8696 ft. © 25Nov47; L1360.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 13Jan75; R595423.


R595424.

Man about town. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8057 ft. © 22Oct47; L1363.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 13Jan75; R595424.


R595425.

Tycoon. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 11692 ft. © 13Dec47; L1393. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 13Jan75; R595425.


R595426.

Night song. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 9194 ft. © 28Dec47; L1412. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 13Jan75; R595426.


R595427.

The Pearl. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6954 ft. © 31Dec47; L1584. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 13Jan75; R595427.


R595447.

My wild Irish rose. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. ©
27Dec47; L1364. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595447.


R595448.

All’s fair at the fair. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Dec47;
L1370. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595448.


R595449.

Action in sports. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 2Dec47; M2542.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595449.


R595450.

Catch as cats can. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 7Dec47; M2548.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595450.


R595451.

Dad minds the baby. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Dec47; M2625.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595451.


R595452.

Let’s sing an old time song. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 7Dec47;
M2626. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595452.


R595453.

Gorilla my dreams. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 27Dec47; M2659.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595453.


R595454.

Celebration days. By Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 29Dec47; M2704.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595454.


R595455.

Let’s sing a song about the moonlight. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel.
© 19Dec47; M2705. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75;
R595455.


R595456.

A Hick, a slick and a chick. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. ©
27Dec47; M2806. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595456.


R595457.

Daffy Duck slept here. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 27Dec47;
M2818. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595457.


R595458.

What’s brewin’ Bruin? By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 27Dec47;
M2852. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595458.


R595459.

Rabbit punch. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 31Dec47; M2882.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595459.


R595460.

Hop, look and listen. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Dec47;
M2890. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595460.


R595461.

Holiday for sports. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Dec47; M2891.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595461.


R595462.

Back alley oproar. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Dec47;
M2935. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595462.


R595463.

Nothing but the tooth. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 17Dec47;
M3013. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595463.


R595464.

Bone sweet bone. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 20Dec47; M3014.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595464.


R595465.

Two gophers from Texas. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 28Dec47;
M3015. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595465.


R595466.

Bugs Bunny rides again. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 22Dec47;
M3148. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595466.


R595467.

The Race rider. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 28Dec47; M3149.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595467.


R595468.

Haredevil hare. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 20Dec47; M3249.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jan75; R595468.


R595469.

Time out of mind. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels, ©
28May51 (in notice: 1947); L1071. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Jan75;
R595469.


R595470.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 96. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Dec47; M2663. Universal Pictures (PWH);
13Jan75; R595470.


R595471.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 97. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Dec47; M2664. Universal Pictures (PWH);
13Jan75; R595471.


R595472.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 98. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Dec47; M2665. Universal Pictures (PWH);
13Jan75; R595472.


R595473.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 99. By Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Dec47; M2666. Universal Pictures (PWH);
13Jan75; R595473.


R595474.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 100. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Dec47; M2667. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 13Jan75; R595474.


R595475.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 101. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Dec47; M2668. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 13Jan75; R595475.


R595476.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 102. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Dec47; M2669. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 13Jan75; R595476.


R595477.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 103. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Dec47; M2743. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 13Jan75; R595477.


R595478.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 20, no. 104. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Dec47; M2744. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 13Jan75; R595478.


R595479.

Hidden valley days. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 3 reels. ©
24Mar48 (in notice: 1947); M2853. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Jan75;
R595479.


R595480.

Echo Ranch. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 3 reels. © 24Mar48 (in
notice: 1947); M2854. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Jan75; R595480.


R595481.

Drummer man. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 23Mar48 (in
notice: 1947); M2869. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Jan75; R595481.


R595482.

Tex Williams and his Western Caravan. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 23Mar48 (in notice: 1947); M2870. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 13Jan75; R595482.


R595483.

Let’s go Latin. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Feb48
(in notice: 1947); M2871. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Jan75; R595483.


R595484.

Carlos Molina and his orchestra. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 23Mar48 (in notice: 1947); M2873. Universal Pictures (PWH);
13Jan75; R595484.


R595485.

Alvino Rey and his orchestra. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 23Mar48 (in notice: 1947); M2874. Universal Pictures (PWH);
13Jan75; R595485.


R595486.

Woody the giant killer. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
23Jun48 (in notice: 1947); M3493. Universal Pictures (PWH); 13Jan75;
R595486.


R595504.

Tarzan and the huntress. By Sol Lesser Productions, Inc. © 25Mar47;
L989. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 13Jan75; R595504.


R595821.

Chiquita Banana wins a medal. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3
min. © 17Jan48; M3754. United Brands Company (PWH); 20Jan75; R595821.


R595822.

Chiquita Banana’s magic. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3 min. ©
17Jan48; M3756. United Brands Company (PWH); 20Jan75; R595822.

P595823.

Chiquita Banana’s beauty treatment. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc.
3 min. © 17Jan48; M3757. United Brands Company (PWH); 20Jan75; R595823.


R595824.

Chiquita Banana tells a fortune. By John Sutherland Productions, Inc. 3
min. © 17Jan48; M3758. United Brands Company (PWH); 20Jan75; R595824.


R595853.

Paramount news, number 41. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
17Jan48; M2715. Major News Library (PWH); 23Jan75; R595853.


R595854.

Paramount news, number 42. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
21Jan48; M2716. Major News Library (PWH); 23Jan75; R595854.


R596213.

Goodbye, Miss Turlock. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 min. © 20Jan48; L1441.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan75; R596213.


R596214.

The Bear and the bean. By Loew’s, Inc. 7 min. © 13Jan48; L1442.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan75; R596214.


R596215.

High wall. By Loew’s, Inc. 99 min. © 14Jan48; L1444.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan75; R596215.


R596216.

Three daring daughters. By Loew’s, Inc. 119 min. © 22Jan48; L1451.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan75; R596216.


R596217.

Alias a gentleman. By Loew’s, Inc. 75 min. © 20Jan48; L1452.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan75; R596217.


R596218.

I love my mother-in-law, but. By Loew’s, Inc. 8 min. © 23Jan48; L1466.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan75; R596218.


R596219.

My old town. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 min. © 23Jan48; L1479.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jan75; R596219.


R596349.

Kilroy was here. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 30Jun47;
L1115. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 27Jan75; R596349.


R596350.

Thunderbolt. By Monogram Pictures Corporation & Karl Krueger
Productions. 5 reels. © 21Jun47; L1155. Allied Artists Pictures
Corporation (formerly known as Monogram Pictures Corporation) (PWH);
27Jan75; R596350.


R596351.

Song of the wasteland. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
6Jun47; L1163. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 27Jan75; R596351.


R596617.

Paramount news, number 43. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
24Jan48; M2722. Major News Library (PWH); 27Jan75; R596617.


R596656.

Three for breakfast. 1 reel. © 1Dec47; L1973. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 10Jan75; R596656.


R596658.

Pluto’s fledgling. 1 reel. © 6Nov47; L1970. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 5Dec74; R596658.


R596787.

The Bandmaster. 1 reel. © 19Dec47; M2900. Walter Lantz Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 10Feb75; R596787.


R596841.

You were meant for me. 10 reels. © 16Jan48; L1779. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 29Jan75; R596841.


R596842.

Call Northside 777. 12 reels. © 28Jan48; L1866. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 29Jan75; R596842.


R596843.

Sky thrills. (Movietone adventures) 1 reel. © 28Jan48 (in notice: 1947);
M2981. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 29Jan75; R596843.


R597013.

Paramount news, number 44. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
28Jan48; M2723. Major News Library (PWH); 31Jan75; R597013.


R597014.

Paramount news, number 45. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. © 31Jan48; M2741.
Major News Library (PWH); 31Jan75; R597014.


R597219.

My pal. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 1942 ft. © 31Oct47; L1290. Marian B,
Inc. (PWH); 4Feb75; R597219.


R597220.

Mind over mouse. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 1515 ft. © 21Nov47; L1361.
Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 4Feb75; R597220.


R597221.

Brother knows best. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 1534 ft. © 31Dec47;
L1411. Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 4Feb75; R597221.


R597222.

No more relatives. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 1605 ft. © 31Dec47;
L1497. Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 4Feb75; R597222.


R597302.

Martin Block’s musical merry-go-round. By Loew’s, Inc. 939 ft. © 4Feb48;
M2758. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb75; R597302.


R597407.

Paying the piper. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 15Dec47;
M3966. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb75; R597407.


R597408.

High diving hare. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 7Oct49 (in
notice: 1947); M4584. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb75; R597408.


R597409.

The Pest that came to dinner. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. ©
7Oct49 (in notice: 1947); M4586. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb75;
R597409.


R597410.

Rebel rabbit. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Dec47; M4073.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 3Feb75; R597410.


R597614.

Donald’s happy birthday. 1 reel. © 30Jan48; L1983. Walt Disney
Productions (PWH); 7Feb75; R597614.


R597615.

Pueblo Pluto. 1 reel. © 15Jan48; L1984. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
7Feb75; R597615.


R597862.

Always together. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 13Jan48;
L1409. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb75; R597862.


R597863.

The Treasure of the Sierra Madre. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 14
reels. © 24Jan48; L1439. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb75;
R597863.


R597864.

Olive Oyl for President. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Jan48;
L1468. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb75; R597864.


R597865.

Trip to Sportland. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Jan48;
M2797. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 7Feb75; R597865.


R597916.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 234. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Jan48; M2792. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597916.


R597917.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 235. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Jan48; M2793. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597917.


R597918.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 236. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 9Jan48; M2794. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597918.


R597919.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 237. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Jan48; M2795. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597919.


R597920.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 238. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 16Jan48; M2796. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597920.


R597921.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 239. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Jan48; M2859. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597921.


R597922.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 240. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 23Jan48; M2860. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597922.


R597923.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 241. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Jan48; M2861. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597923.


R597924.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 242. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 30Jan48; M2879. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Feb75; R597924.


R598054.

Monsieur Verdoux, By The Chaplin Studios, Inc. 11,132 ft. © 24Oct47;
L1256. The Roy Export Company Establishment (PWH); 13Feb75; R598054.


R598712.

When the bough breaks. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 9 reels. © 2Feb48
(in notice: 1947); LF149. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75;
R598712.


R598713.

The Mark of Cain. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. 10 reels. © 1Mar48 (in
notice: 1947); LF151. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75;
R598713.


R598714.

Jassy. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 11 reels. © 3Jun47; LP405. Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75; R598714.


R598715.

The Girl in the painting. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. Add. ti:
Portrait from life. 10 reels. © 19Jan48; LP1093. Rank Film Distributors,
Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75; R598715.


R598716.

The Smugglers. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. Add. ti: The Man within. 85
min. © 31Jan48; L1470. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75;
R598716.


R598717.

Blanche fury. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 11 reels. © 28Jan49 (in
notice: 1947); L2469. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75;
R598717.


R598718.

Mister Perrin and Mister Traill. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. 10 reels. ©
7Jan48; L2533. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75; R598718.


R598719.

Easy money. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 94 min. © 4Feb48 (in notice:
1947); L2535. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75; R598719.


R598720.

Broken journey. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 9 reels. © 14Apr48 (in
notice: 1947); LP2787. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 24Feb75;
R598720.


R598779.

Paramount news, number 46. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Feb48;
M2742. Major News Library (PWH); 21Feb75; R598779.


R598780.

Paramount news, number 47. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Feb48;
M2765. Major News Library (PWH); 21Feb75; R598780.


R598781.

Paramount news, number 48. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
11Feb48; M2766. Major News Library (PWH); 21Feb75; R598781.


R598782.

Paramount news, number 49. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
14Feb48; M2771. Major News Library (PWH); 21Feb75; R598782.


R598783.

Paramount news, number 50. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
18Feb48; M2772. Major News Library (PWH); 21Feb75; R598783.


R598784.

My girl Tisa. By United States Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 7Feb48; L1461.
Richard Feiner and Company, Inc. (PWH); 21Feb75; R598784.


R598785.

Bet your life. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 18 min. © 31Dec47; L1494.
Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 21Feb75; R598785.


R598870.

Blondie’s anniversary. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
18Dec47; L1424. King Features Syndicate, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 24Feb75; R598870.


R598919.

Code of the saddle. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 5Jul47;
L1106. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598919.


R598920.

Robin Hood of Monterey. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
11Aug47; L1143. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598920.


R598921.

Black gold. 10 reels. © 6Sep47; L1189. Allied Artists Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 26Feb75; R598921.


R598922.

Flashing guns. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 23Aug47;
L1192. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598922.


R598923.

Ridin’ down the trail. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
23Aug47; L1193. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598923.


R598924.

Joe Palooka in “The Knockout.” By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8
reels. © 20Sep47; L1235. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly
known as Monogram Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598924.


R598925.

Prairie express. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 4,930 ft. © 25Oct47;
L1275. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598925.


R598926.

Louisiana. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7,646 ft. © 1Nov47; L1311.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598926.


R598927.

The Hunted. 7,686 ft. © 15Nov47; L1312. Allied Artists Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 26Feb75; R598927.


R598928.

Song of my heart. 7,606 ft. © 15Nov47; L1324. Symphony Films, Inc.
(PWH); 26Feb75; R598928.


R598929.

Gun talk. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5,191 ft. © 6Dec47; L1353.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598929.


R598930.

King of the bandits. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5,961 ft. ©
8Nov47; L1357. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598930.


R598931.

The Chinese ring. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6,091 ft. © 20Nov47;
L1381. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598931.


R598932.

Jiggs and Maggie in society. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5,962 ft.
© 15Dec47; L1383. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation) (PWH); 26Feb75; R598932.


R598985.

New Orleans. By Majestic Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 18Apr47; L999.
Tele-Pac, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb75; R598985.


R598986.

Hollywood barn dance. By Jack Schwarz Productions. 8 reels. © 1Jul47;
L1095. Tele-Pac, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb75; R598986.


R598987.

The Long night. By Select Productions, Inc. 11 reels. © 6Aug47; L1179.
Tele-Pac, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb75; R598987.


R598988.

Heaven only knows. By Nero Films, Inc. 8,801 ft. © 12Sep47; L1307.
Tele-Pac, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb75; R598988.


R599133.

Paramount news, number 51. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
21Feb48; M2799. Major News Library (PWH); 25Feb75; R599133.


R599134.

Paramount news, number 52. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
25Feb48; M2798. Major News Library (PWH); 26Feb75; R599134.


R599200.

Germany—handle with care. (The March of Time) © 24Jan47; MP26035. Time,
Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R599200.


R599201.

Fashion means business! (The March of Time) © 21Feb47; MP26036. Time,
Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R599201.


R599202.

The Teachers’ crisis. (The March of Time) © 21Mar47; MP26037. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R599202.


R599203.

Storm over Britain. (The March of Time) © 18Apr47; MP26038. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R599203.


R599204.

The Russians nobody knows. (The March of Time) © 16May47; MP26039. Time,
Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R599204.


R599205.

Your doctors—1947. (The March of Time) © 13Jun47; MP26040. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R599205.


R599206.

New trains for old. (The March of Time) © 11Jul47; MP26041. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R599206.


R599207.

Turkey’s 100 million. (The March of Time) © 8Aug47; MP26042. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R599207.


R599208.

Is everybody listening? (The March of Time) © 6Sep47; MP26043. Time,
Inc. (PWH); 22Nov74; R599208.


R599209.

T-men in action. (The March of Time) © 3Oct47; MP26044. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R599209.


R599210.

End of an empire? (The March of Time) © 31Oct47; MP26045. Time, Inc.
(PWH); 22Nov74; R599210.


R599454.

The Bride goes wild. By Loew’s, Inc. 5 reels. © 26Feb48; L1510.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb75; R599454.


R599455.

Now you see it. By Loew’s, Inc. 842 ft. © 26Feb48; M2757.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb75; R599455.


R599482.

The Macomber affair. By Award Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 21Mar47;
L1014. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb75; R599482.


R599514.

Three on a ticket. By PRC Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 3Mar47; L857.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar75; R599514.


R599515.

The Private affairs of Bel Ami. By Loew-Lewin, Inc. 12 reels. © 7Mar47;
L887. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Mar75; R599515.


R599586.

Paramount news, number 54. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Mar48;
M2809. Major News Library (PWH); 5Mar75; R599586.


R599587.

Paramount news, number 53. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
28Feb48; M2820. Major News Library (PWH); 5Mar75; R599587.


R599771.

Range beyond the blue. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 17Mar47; L892.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599771.


R599772.

Yankee fakir. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 17Mar47; L903.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599772.


R599773.

Winter wonderland. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 17Mar47;
L904. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599773.


R599774.

West to glory. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 22Apr47; L951. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599774.


R599775.

The Big fix. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 19Apr47; L960. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599775.


R599776.

Ramrod. By Harry Sherman Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 2May47; L976.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599776.


R599777.

Too many winners. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 24May47; L1021.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599777.


R599778.

Border feud. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 10May47; L1028. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599778.


R599779.

Killer at large. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 31May47; L1047.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599779.


R599780.

Philo Vance returns. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 14Jun47; L1052.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599780.


R599781.

Stepchild. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 7Jun47; L1057. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599781.


R599782.

Ghost town renegades. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 17Jun47; L1134.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599782.


R599783.

Repeat performance. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 10 reels. © 13May47;
L1135. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599783.


R599784.

Gas House Kids go West. By PRC Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 28Jun47; L1139.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599784.


R599785.

The Pretender. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 28Jul47; L1166.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599785.


R599786.

Philo Vance’s secret mission. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 6 reels. ©
5Aug47; L1180. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75;
R599786.


R599787.

The Gas House Kids in Hollywood. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 6 reels. ©
8Sep47; L1185. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75;
R599787.


R599788.

Dragnet. By Fortune Film Corporation. 8 reels. © 15Aug47; L1186.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599788.


R599789.

Philo Vance’s gamble. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 6 reels. © 12Mar47;
L1205. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599789.


R599790.

Pioneer justice. By PRC Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 29May47; L1133.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599790.


R599791.

The Red stallion. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 9 reels. © 13Jun47; L1216.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599791.


R599792.

Christmas Eve. By Miracle Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 26Sep47; L1236.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599792.


R599793.

Railroaded. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 6,464 ft. © 2Sep47; L1250.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599793.


R599794.

Return of the lash. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 4,768 ft. © 23Jul47;
L1251. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599794.


R599795.

Magic town. By Robert Riskin Productions, Inc. 9,266 ft. © 26Sep47;
L1255. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599795.


R599796.

The Spirit of West Point. By Bro—Rog Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
1Oct47; L1269 . National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75;
R599796.


R599797.

Out of the blue. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 7,703 ft. © 27Oct47; L1273.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599797.


R599798.

Black Hills. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 6 reels. © 25Oct47; L1276.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599798.


R599799.

Bury me dead. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 7 reels. © 18Oct47; L1277.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599799.


R599800.

Body and soul. By Roberts Productions, Inc. 12 reels. © 22Aug47; L1279.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599800.


R599801.

Love from a stranger. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 7,290 ft. © 5Sep47;
L1288. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599801.


R599802.

The Fighting vigilantes. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 5,514 ft. © 15Nov47;
L1289. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599802.


R599803.

Intrigue. By Star Films, Inc. 10 reels. © 26Nov47; L1306. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599803.


R599804.

Shadow Valley. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 5,212 ft. © 29Nov47; L1322.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599804.


R599805.

Stage to Mesa City. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 4,684 ft. © 1Nov47; L1352.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R599805.


R599806.

The Hawk of Powder River. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 6 reels. © 19Dec47;
L1588. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; P599806.


R599868.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 243. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Feb48; M2862. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599868.


R599869.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 244. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Feb48; M2863. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599869.


R599870.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 245. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Feb48; M2864. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599870.


R599871.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 246. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Feb48; M2865. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599871.


R599872.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 247. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Feb48; M2866. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599872.


R599873.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 248. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Feb48; M2923. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599873.


R599874.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 249. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Feb48; M2924. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599874.


R599875.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 250. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Feb48; M2925. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Mar75; R599875.


R599988.

Meet me at dawn. By Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd. © 17Feb47; L227.
Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 7Feb75; R599988.


R599989.

Paramount news. No. 55. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Mar48;
M2831. Major News Library (PWH); 7Mar75; R599989.


R600052.

What price fleadom. By Loew’s, Inc. 7 min. © 2Mar48; L1508.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R600052.


R600053.

Big city. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 reels. © 3Mar48; L1528.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Mar75; R600053.


R600139.

Let’s live again. 8 reels. © 19Feb48; L1859. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 24Feb75; R600139.


R600140.

The Challenge. 7 reels. © 12Feb48; L1881. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 24Feb75; R600140.


R600141.

Half past midnight. 7 reels. © 19Feb48; L1891. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 24Feb75; R600141.


R600142.

Olympic class. (Movietone’s sport review) 1 reel. © 18Feb48; M3012.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 24Feb75; R600142.


R600143.

Riddle of Rhodesia. (Movietone adventures) 1 reel. © 21Feb48; M3238.
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 24Feb75; R600143.


R600257.

The Argyle secrets. By Eronel Productions, Inc. 63 min. © 1Mar48; L1476.
Film Archives Company (PWH); 11Mar75; R600257.


R600258.

Don’t fool your wife. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 1,649 ft. © 5Mar48;
L1566. Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 11Mar75; R600258.


R600259.

Paramount news, number 56. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
10Mar48; M2830. Major News Library (PWH); 11Mar75; R600259.


R600393.

Sun Valley fun. By Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 2Feb48; M2729.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Mar75; R600393.


R600394.

What makes Daffy Duck? By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 14Feb48;
M2755. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Mar75; R600394.


R600395.

What’s hatchin’? By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 28Feb48; M2756.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Mar75; R600395.


R600396.

Ride, ranchero, ride. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 26Feb48;
M2819. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Mar75; R600396.


R600397.

Wigwam whoopee. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Feb48; L1525.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 10Mar75; R600397.


R600398.

Angel’s Alley. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 7Mar48;
L1535. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 10Mar75; R600398.


R600895.

Paramount news, number 57. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
13Mar48; M2856. Major News Library (PWH); 20Mar75; R600895.


R600896.

Paramount news, number 58. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
17Mar48; M2857. Major News Library (PWH); 20Mar75; R600896.


R600927.

The Guilty. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. From a story by Cornell
Woolrich. 8 reels. © 22Mar47; L894. J. D. Wrather, Jr. (PWH); 17Mar75;
R600927.


R600972.

The Pirate. By Loew’s, Inc. 6 reels. © 16Mar48; L1556.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 20Mar75; R600972.


R601501.

Scudda hoo! Scudda hay! 10 reels. © 11Mar48; L1865. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 27Mar75; R601501.


R601502.

Sitting pretty. 10 reels. © 10Mar48; L2006. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 27Mar75; R601502.


R601503.

Everglades adventures. (Movietone’s sports review) 1 reel. © 10Mar48;
M3239. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 27Mar75; R601503.


R601536.

The Naked city. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 24Mar48;
L1575. Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, Martin
Gang & Gladys Glad Hellinger Gottlieb, Trustees of Trust under Will of
Mark J. Hellinger, deceased & Gladys Glad Hellinger (PWH); 31Mar75;
R601536.


R601590.

Paramount news, number 59. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
20Mar48; M2884. Major News Library (PWH); 28Mar75; R601590.


R601591.

Paramount news, number 60. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
24Mar48; M2885. Major News Library (PWH); 28Mar75; R601591.


R602060.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 251. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 3Mar48; M2926. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602060.


R602061.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 252. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Mar48; M2927. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602061.


R602062.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 253. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 10Mar48; M2928. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602062.


R602063.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 254. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Mar48; M2929. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602063.


R602064.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 255. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Mar48; M2933. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602064.


R602065.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 256. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 19Mar48; M2944. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602065.


R602066.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 257. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Mar48; M2945. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602066.


R602067.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 258. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Mar48; M2946. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602067.


R602068.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 259. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 31Mar48; M2947. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Apr75; R602068.


R602185.

Paramount news, number 61. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
27Mar48; M2915. Major News Library (PWH); 2Apr75; R602185.


R602186.

Paramount news, number 62. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
31Mar48; M2916. Major News Library (PWH); 2Apr75; R602186.


R602461.

Secretary trouble. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 2 reels. © 9Apr48; L1604.
Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 11Apr75; R602461.


R602593.

The Search. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 reels. © 31Mar48; L1571.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Apr75; R602593.


R602594.

B. F.’s daughter. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 reels. © 13Feb48; L1480.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Feb75; R602594.


R602596.

Homecoming. By Loew’s, Inc. 6 reels. © 2Apr48; L1546.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Apr75; R602596.


R602706.

Pre-hysterical man. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Mar48;
L1555. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602706.


R602707.

April showers. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 27Mar48;
L1564. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602707.


R602708.

The Noose hangs high. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 7 reels. © 4Mar48;
L1578. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602708.


R602709.

Let’s sing grandfathers favorites. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel.
© 3Mar48; M2807. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602709.


R602710.

Rhythm of the big city. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 6Mar48;
M2846. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602710.


R602711.

I taw a putty tat. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 7 min. © 5Mar48; M2883.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602711.


R602712.

Let’s sing a Stephen Foster song. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel.
© 30Mar48; M2975. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75;
R602712.


R602713.

Soap box derby. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Mar48; M2996.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602713.


R602714.

Living with lions. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 25Mar48;
M3070. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Apr75; R602714.


R602846.

Paramount news, number 65. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
10Apr48; M2956. Major News Library (PWH); 16Apr75; R602846.


R602847.

Paramount news, number 66. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
14Apr48; M2957. Major News Library (PWH); 16Apr75; R602847.


R603053.

Mourning becomes Electra. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. © 19Nov47; L1583.
Authors Research Company (PWH); 17Apr75; R603053.


R603168.

Going to blazes. By Loew’s, Inc. 21 min. © 15Apr48 (in notice: 1947);
M2993. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Apr75; R603168.


R603169.

On an island with you. By Loew’s, Inc. 11 reels. © 13Apr48; L1581.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Apr75; R603169.


R603239.

Albuquerque. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 20Feb48; L1473.
EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Apr75; R603239.


R603240.

Saigon. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 12Mar48; L1523. EMKA,
division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Apr75; R603240.


R603241.

The Big clock. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 9Apr48 (in
notice: 1947); L1553. EMKA, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
(PWH); 18Apr75; R603241.


R603243.

Tarzan and the mermaids. By Sol Lesser Productions, Inc. 8 reels. Based
upon the characters created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. © 23Mar48; L1567.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 10Apr75; R603243.


R603406.

The Kodak dye transfer process. By John Mihal. 1266 ft. © 8Apr48; M2972.
Eastman Kodak Company (PWH); 14Apr75; R603406.


R603568.

T-men. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 8,488 ft. © 10Jan48; L1455. Edward
Small Productions, Inc. (PWH); 22Apr75; R603568.


R603685.

Martin Block’s Musical merry-go-round; Tex Beneke & his orchestra with
the Moonlight Serenaders & Garry Stevens featuring the music of Glenn
Miller. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Apr48; M2932. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. (PWH); 24Apr75; R603685.


R603979.

Paramount news, number 67. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
17Apr48; M2987. Major News Library (PWH); 30Apr75; R603979.


R603980.

Paramount news, number 68. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
21Apr48; M2988. Major News Library (PWH); 30Apr75; R603980.


R603981.

Paramount news, number 69. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
24Apr48; M3006. Major News Library (PWH); 30Apr75; R603981.


R603982.

Paramount news, number 70. By Paramount Pictures. Inc. 1 reel. ©
28Apr48; M3007. Major News Library (PWH); 30Apr75; R603982.


R604233.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 260. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Apr48; M2948. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604233.


R604234.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 261. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Apr48; M2949. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604234.


R604235.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 262. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 9Apr48; M2950. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604235.


R604236.

News of the day, Vol. 19, issue no. 263. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Apr48; M3049. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604236.


R604237.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 264. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 16Apr48; M3050. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604237.


R604238.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 265. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Apr48; M3051. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604238.


R604239.

News of the day, Vol. 19, issue no. 266. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 23Apr48; M3052. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604239.


R604240.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 267. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Apr48; M3053. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604240.


R604241.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 268. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel, © 30Apr48; M3054. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5May75; R604241.


R604515.

Kitty foiled. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Apr48; L1579.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1May75; R604515.


R604560.

Western heritage. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 3 reels. © 11Feb48; L1495.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R604560.


R604561.

If you knew Susie. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 5 reels. © 30Jan48;
L1496. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R604561.


R604562.

Fort Apache. By Argosy Pictures Corporation. 13 reels. © 27Mar48; L1568.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R604562.


R604563.

I remember Mama. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 14 reels. © 11Mar48; L1606.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R604563.


R604564.

The Arizona ranger. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 4Apr48;
L1652. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R604564.


R604565.

Mister Blandings builds his dream house. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10
reels. © 25Mar48; L1655. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R604565.


R604566.

Design for death. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 14Apr48; M3075.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R604566.


R604663.

To the victor. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 10Apr48;
L1563. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5May75; R604663.


R604664.

Winter meeting. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 24Apr48;
L1580. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5May75; R604664.


R604665.

King of the carnival. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 1Apr48;
M2881. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5May75; R604665.


R604666.

Fighting athletes. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 8Apr48;
M2977. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 5May75; R604666.


R604886.

Paramount news, number 63. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Apr48;
M2937. Major News Library (PWH); 8Apr75; R604886.


R604887.

Paramount news, number 64. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Apr48;
M2938. Major News Library (PWH); 8Apr75; R604887.


R604894.

A Voice is born. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 15Jan48;
L1416. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604894.


R604895.

Glamour girl. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 16Jan48;
L1425. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604895.


R604896.

Relentless. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. © 21Jan48;
L1426. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604896.


R604897.

Mary Lou. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 5,950 ft. © 23Jan48; L1434.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604897.


R604898.

Pardon my clutch. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 4Feb48;
L1454. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604898.


R604899.

Silly Billy. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 29Jan48;
L1456. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604899.


R604900.

Topsy Turkey. By Screen Gems, Inc. 7 min. © 5Feb48; L1457. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604900.


R604901.

Hawaii in Hollywood. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen
snapshots, ser. no. 27) 1 reel. © 22Jan48; L1458. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604901.


R604902.

Two nuts in a rut. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 19Feb48;
L1475. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604902.


R604903.

To the ends of earth. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 12 reels. ©
7Feb48; L1478. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604903.


R604904.

The Sign of the ram. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
4Mar48; L1486. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604904.


R604905.

Squareheads of the round table. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2
reels. © 4Mar48; L1502, Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8May75; R604905.


R604906.

Shivering Sherlocks. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
8Jan48; L1503. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604906.


R604907.

Man or mouse. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 15Jan48;
L1504. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604907.


R604908.

The Wreck of the Hesperus. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
22Mar48; L1513. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604908.


R604909.

The Mating of Millie. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
22Mar48; L1514. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604909.


R604910.

Song of Idaho. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 4 reels. © 24Mar48;
L1515. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604910.


R604911.

Adventures in Silverado. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 4 reels. ©
24Mar48; L1516. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604911.


R604912.

Flora. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Mar48; L1519. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604912.


R604913.

West of Sonora. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 25Mar48;
L1530. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604913.


R604914.

Port Said. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 6Apr48; L1536.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604914.


R604915.

Eight-ball Andy. By Colombia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 11Mar48;
L1550. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604915.


R604916.

The Lady from Shanghai. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
14Apr48; L1559. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604916.


R604917.

The Best man wins. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 19Apr48;
L1560. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604917.


R604918.

Whirlwind raiders. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 19Apr48;
L1561. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604918.


R604919.

Dangerous trails. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 4) 2 reels. © 22Apr48; L1562. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604919.


R604920.

Trapped by Boston Blackie. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
19Apr48; L1565. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604920.


R604921.

My dog Rusty. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 24Mar48;
L1598. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604921.


R604922.

Tall, dark and gruesome. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
15Apr48; L1682. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604922.


R604923.

Jitter bughouse. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Apr48;
L1685. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604923.


R604924.

Photoplay magazine’s gold medal awards. By Columbia Pictures
Corporation. (Screen snapshots, ser. 27, no. 6) 1 reel. © 18Mar48;
L1702. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604924.


R604925.

The Return of the Whistler. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
18Mar48; L1823. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604925.


R604926.

Thrills of music. Ser. 2, no. 5. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 15Jan48; M2737. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8May75; R604926.


R604927.

Community sing. Ser. 12, no. 6. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 12Feb48; M2889. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8May75; R604927.


R604928.

Community sing. Ser. 12, no. 7. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 8Apr48; M2920. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75;
R604928.


R604929.

Rodeo thrills and spills. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The World
of sports) 1 reel. © 29Jan48; M2921. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 8May75; R604929.


R604930.

Smiles and styles. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen snapshots,
ser. 27) 1 reel. © 1Apr48; M2922. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 8May75; R604930.


R604931.

Net marvels. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 11Mar48; M2973.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 8May75; R604931.


R604932.

Thrills of music. Ser. 2, no. 6. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 25Mar48; M2978. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
8May75; R604932.


R605048.

Hamlet. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. 153 min. © 11May48; LP750. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 13May75; R605048.


R605049.

Woman in the hall. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 10 reels. © 10Mar48;
L2536. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 13May75; R605049.


R605050.

Miranda. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 9 reels. © 14Apr48; L2538. Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 13May75; R605050.


R605051.

Vice versa. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. © 1Mar48; LF145. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 13May75; R605051.


R605070.

The Bishop’s wife. Photoplay. By Samuel Goldwyn Productions, Inc. 9,836
ft. © 10Dec47; L1394. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PWH); 25Mar75;
R605070.


R605071.

A Song is born. Photoplay. By Samuel Goldwyn Productions, Inc. 12 reels.
© 31Dec47; L2076. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PWH); 25Mar75; R605071.


R605180.

Melody time. 10 reels. © 7Apr48; L1721. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
9May75; R605180.


R605181.

Pluto’s surprise package. 1 reel. © 19Apr48; L1986. Walt Disney
Productions (PWH); 9May75; R605181.


R605224.

Little ’tinker. By Loew’s, Inc. 651 ft. © 4May48; L1608.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 9May75; R605224.


R605225.

You can’t win. By Loew’s, Inc. 704 ft. © 4May48; L1801.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 9May75; R605225.


R605230.

The Fugitive. By Argosy Pictures Corporation. 105 min. © 11Nov47; L1335.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R605230.


R605231.

So well remembered. By Alliance Productions, Ltd. 115 min. © 4Nov47;
L1350. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2May75; R605231.


R605255.

Public relations—this means you. (The March of Time) © 28Nov47; MP26046.
Time, Inc. (PWH); 16May75; R605255.


R605256.

The Presidential year. (The March of Time) © 26Dec47; MP26047. Time,
Inc. (PWH); 16May75; R605256.


R605571.

Global concept in maps. By Erwin Raisz. © 11Aug47; M2588. Coronet
Instructional Media (formerly Coronet Instructional Films), a division
of Esquire, Inc. (PWH); 15May75; R605571.


R606033.

The Other love. By Lexington Productions, Inc. 11 reels, © 26Jul47;
L1105. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 25Apr75; R606033.


R606034.

The Burning cross. By Somerset Pictures Corporation, 8 reels. © 1Sep47;
L1187, National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 25Apr75; R606034.


R606035.

Cheyenne takes over. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 6 reels. © 25Oct47;
L1309. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 25Apr75; R606035.


R606036.

Copacabana. By Beacon Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 30May47; L1323.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 25Apr75; R606036.


R606037.

Road to the big house. By Somerset Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
27Dec47; L1460. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 25Apr75;
R606037.


R606038.

The Westward trail. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 6 reels. © 25Oct47; L1526.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 25Apr75; R606038.


R606039.

The Lost moment. By Walter Wanger Pictures, Inc. & Universal Pictures
Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 31Oct47; L1913. National Telefilm Associates,
Inc. (PWH); 25Apr75; R606039.


R606055.

Sleep my love. By Triangle Productions, Inc. 10 reels. © 14Jan48; L1453.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606055.


R606056.

Slippy McGee. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 7Jan48; L1481.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606056.


R606057.

Main Street kid. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 7Jan48; L1482.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606057.


R606058.

The Inside story. By Republic Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 17Feb48;
L1483. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606058.


R606059.

Bandits of Dark Canyon. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 7Jan48;
L1484, Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606059.


R606060.

Campus honeymoon. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 17Feb48;
L1498. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606060.


R606061.

Dangers of the Canadian mounted. Episode no. 1 – 12. By Republic
Productions, Inc. 2 reels each. © 17Feb48; L1499. Repix, Inc. (PWH);
9Jun75; R606061.


R606062.

Oklahoma Badlands. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 17Feb48;
L1501. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606062.


R606063.

Madonna of the desert. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 17Feb48;
L1505. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606063.


R606064.

California firebrand. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 19Mar48;
L1521. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606064.


R606065.

Lightnin’ in the forest. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
31Mar48; L1591. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606065.


R606066.

The Bold frontiersman. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 12Apr48;
L1593. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606066.


R606067.

Old Los Angeles. By Republic Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 31Mar48;
L1594. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606067.


R606068.

Heart of Virginia. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 31Mar48;
L1618. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606068.


R606069.

I, Jane Doe. By Republic Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 31Mar48; L1619.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R606069.


R606245.

Will it happen again? By American Film Producers. 7 reels. © 15May48;
L1622. Dwain Esper (PWH); 21May75; R606245.


R606246.

Raw deal. By Reliance Pictures, Inc. 78 min. © 10May48; L1638. Edward
Small Productions, Inc. (PWH); 21May75; R606246.


R606247.

How to clean house. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 2 reels. © 14May48;
L1650. Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 21May75; R606247.


R606248.

Paramount news, number 71. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1May48;
M3044. Major News Library (PWH); 21May75; R606248.


R606249.

Paramount news, number 72. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 5May48;
M3045. Major News Library (PWH); 21May75; R606249.


R606250.

Paramount news, number 73. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 8May48;
M3057. Major News Library (PWH); 21May75; R606250.


R606251.

Paramount news, number 74. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
12May48; M3058, Major News Library (PWH); 21May75; R606251.


R606252.

Paramount news, number 75. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
15May48; M3059. Major News Library (PWH); 21May75; R606252.


R606253.

Paramount news, number 76. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
19May48; M3060. Major News Library (PWH); 21May75; R606253.


R606316.

Easter parade. By Loew’s, Inc. 103 min. © 26May48; L1643.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 27May75; R606316.


R606495.

The Counterfeiters. By Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 8 reels.
© 11May48; L1894. Edward Small Productions, Inc. (PWH); 27May75;
R606495.


R606655.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 269. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 5May48; M3197. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606655.


R606656.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 270. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 7May48; M3198. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606656.


R606657.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 271. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 12May48; M3199. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606657.


R606658.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 272. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 14May48; M3200. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606658.


R606659.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 273. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 19May48; H3201. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606659.


R606660.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 274. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 21May48; M3202. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606660.


R606661.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 275. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 26May48; M3203. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606661.


R606662.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 276. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
© 28May48; M3204. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Jun75; R606662.


R606687.

The Paradine case. By Vanguard Films, Inc. 14 reels. © 27Dec47; L1489.
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun75; R606687.


R606753.

Out of the blue. By Eagle Lion Films, Inc. 7703 feet. © 27Oct47; L1273.
Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 21May75; R606753.


R606810.

Sea salts. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 18May48; L1985. Walt
Disney Productions (PWH); 4Jun75; R606810.


R606811.

Pluto’s sweater. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 18May48; L2347.
Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 4Jun75; R606811.


R607113.

Souvenirs of death. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Jun48; L1672.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun75; R607113.


R607170.

Give my regards to Broadway. By Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
10 reels. © 8Jun48; L2005. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH);
9Jun75; R607170.


R607171.

Fashioned for action. By Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
(Movietone’s Feminine world) 1 reel. © 9Jun48; M3245. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 9Jun75; R607171.


R607176.

Woman in white. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 15May48;
L1609. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun75; R607176.


R607177.

Silver river. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 22May48;
L1635. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun75; R607177.


R607178.

Flop goes the weasel. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 20May49
(in notice: 1947); M4102. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun75;
R607178.


R607332.

Paramount news, number 81. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Jun48;
M3159. Major News Library (PWH); 10Jun75; R607332.


R607333.

Paramount news, number 82. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Jun48;
M3160. Major News Library (PWH); 10Jun75; R607333.


R608163.

Thirteen lead soldiers. 7 reels. © 6Apr48; L1880. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 1Jul75; R608163.


R608164.

Fury at Furnace Creek. 10 reels. © 21Apr48; L2020. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 1Ju175; R608164.


R608165.

Arthur takes over. 7 reels. © 9Apr48; L2024. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 1Jul75; R608165.


R608166.

Something old, something new. (Movietone’s feminine world) 1 reel. ©
14Apr48; M2980. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 1Jul75;
R608166.


R608167.

Playtime in Scandinavia. (Movietone adventures) 1 reel. © 27Apr48;
M3244. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 1Jul75; R608167.




                      Catalog of Copyright Entries

                             _Third Series_




ISSN 0090–8371

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 29, Parts 12–13, Number 2




                            Motion Pictures
                             July-December
                                  1975


[Illustration: THE ☆ LIBRARY ☆ OF ☆ CONGRESS]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE · THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1976


Library of Congress card no. 6–35347.

This number identifies the Library of Congress printed card for the
complete series of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.

ISSN 0090–8371 _Key title_: Catalog of copyright entries. Third series.
Parts 12–13. Motion pictures.

For sale by the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government Printing
Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Price of this part is given on page vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_, for periods of one, two, or three years. All
orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates of the
part wanted; checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington D.C. 20559.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.). For each registration listed, except for
renewals, there has been deposited a copy or copies of the work in
accordance with the provisions contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215
of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.

Each part listed in the following table records registrations in the
class or classes indicated by the alphabetical symbols. The second and
third letters, if any, that follow the initial letter are added by the
Copyright Office for the purpose of statistical analysis. Their
significance is as follows:

 F  Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
     designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
     those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes to
     which it applies, it designates works first published outside the
     United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
     domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

 I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

 O Published works of foreign origin registered under the waiver-of-fee
     provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_).
     (BIO, GFO)

 P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
     possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

 U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
     either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                                    Price
                                                                      per
                                                                   Semiannual
                                                                    Issue


   Part 1    Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and            $10.00
               Contributions to Periodicals

      A      Books

     BB      Contributions to periodicals

      R      Renewals registrations


   Part 2    Periodicals (Annual issue)                              6.00

      B      Periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations


  Parts 3–4  Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery             3.00

      C      Lectures and other works prepared for oral delivery

      D      Dramatic or dramatico-musical works

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 5    Music                                                  10.00

      E      Musical compositions

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 6    Maps and Atlases                                        3.00

      F      Maps

      R      Renewals registrations


 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art,            3.00
               Scientific and Technical Drawings, Photographic
               Works, Prints and Pictorial Illustrations

      G      Works of art and models or designs for works of art

      H      Reproductions of works of art

      I      Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific or
               technical character

      J      Photographs

      K      Prints and pictorial illustrations

      R      Renewal registrations


  Part 11B   Commercial Prints and Labels (Annual issue)             5.00

     KK      Commercial prints and labels

      R      Renewal registrations


 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures                                         3.00

      L      Motion-picture photoplays

      M      Motion-pictures other than photoplays

      R      Renewal registrations


   Part 14   Sound Recordings                                        5.00

      N      Sound recordings


Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $75.00; $18.75
additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Index                 1001
                       Current Registrations 1048
                       Renewal Registrations 1097




                              Introduction


PARTS 12–13 list all registrations made in classes L and M for the
period covered by this issue. An index of names and titles associated
with the work is followed by the main entries, listed in order by
registration number. Filing of the index is letter by letter, except in
the case of inverted names which are filed up to the comma or
parenthesis, after which letter by letter filing is resumed. Entries
beginning with numbers which are not spelled out are filed at the end in
numerical sequence.

The main entries include, when applicable, the following information
derived from the work and application.

  1) Title, followed by subtitle and/or descriptive statements. The
       authorship of the work is included in this statement, with the
       nature of authorship (if available).

  2) Edition statement.

  3) Country of publication for works registered as foreign or as ad
       interim works.

  4) Label name and number for registered sound recordings.

  5) Physical description of the deposit.

  6) Series statement.

  7) Additional titles associated with the registered work such as
       variant titles, alternative titles, translated titles, etc.

  8) Notes; information is given here which serves to supplement the
       data that is given elsewhere in the entry in order to describe a
       work more accurately or identify it more explicitly.

  9) Statement that the registered work is published in or as part of
       another work, or is bound with another independent work.

 10) Names of authors given in the application which do not appear
       elsewhere in the entry.

 11) Statement of those materials contained in the registered work on
       which copyright is not claimed, when so stated in the
       application.

 12) Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

 13) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed
       when so stated in the application.

 14) Copyright symbol © or ℗.

 15) A statement of limitation of claim if the application or notice on
       the work explicitly limits the claim.

 16) Name of the copyright claimant.

 17) Date of publication for published works; for unpublished works the
       date on which the last of all items required to complete
       registration (i.e., copy, application, and fee) was received in
       the Copyright Office.

 18) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or the date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © John Doe; 10Jul75 (in
notice: 1974).

For renewal registrations the original date of publication and
registration number precede the name of the claimant of the renewal
registration. Following the name of the renewal claimant is a statement
in parentheses, usually abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal
claim as supplied by the application; e.g., “John Doe (A)” indicates
that John Doe has made renewal claim as author.

Works deposited in connection with current copyright registrations may
be selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Catalog Distribution Service
Division, Building No. 159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C., 20541.




                    Registrations July-December 1975


    Class L— Domestic published motion-picture photoplays         609

             Foreign published motion-picture photoplays           57

             Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                 13


    Class M— Domestic published motion pictures other than      1,044
               photoplays

             Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays     97

                                                                —————

                              Total                             1,820


   Renewals: Classes L and M                                      466

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
for July-December 1975, but do not necessarily represent the exact
number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.
Registration figures for other classes of material may be found in the
respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 au.              author(s)

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 in.              inches

 ips.             inches per second

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 ℗                copyright symbol for sound recordings

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv. print.     privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 r.p.m.           revolutions per minute

 s.               side(s)

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 ti.              title(s)

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v., vol.         volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author




                  Index - Motion Pictures & Filmstrips


 ABC Entertainment.
   LP44713 0054

 ABC movie of the week.
   LP44934 0061
   LP44935 0061

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   MP27217 0069
   MP27218 0069
   MP27219 0069
   MP27220 0069
   MP27221 0069
   MP27222 0069
   MP27223 0069
   MP27224 0069
   MP28070 0092
   MP28071 0092

 ABC suspense movie.
   LP44790 0056
   LP44791 0056
   LP44793 0056
   LP44797 0057
   LP44798 0057
   LP44799 0057
   LP44800 0057
   LP44801 0057
   LP44802 0057
   LP44806 0057
   LP44807 0057
   LP44808 0057
   LP44813 0057
   LP44814 0057
   LP44815 0057
   LP44816 0057

 ABC Television Network.
   MP27217 0069
   MP27218 0069
   MP27219 0069
   MP27220 0069
   MP27221 0069
   MP27222 0069
   MP27223 0069
   MP27224 0069
   MP28070 0092
   MP28071 0092

 About my father’s business.
   MU9418 0095

 Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
   R613272 0103

 A-camping we will go.
   LP44658 0053

 Accordo.
   MU9458 0096

 ACI Films, Inc.
   MP28027 0090

 Acqua zanies.
   R613303 0103

 Acrobatic babies.
   R618240 0107

 ACT Foundation, Inc.
   MP28018 0090

 Act of piracy.
   LP45087 0065

 Act of violence.
   R621339 0110

 Adams, Lillian D.
   LU3696 0067

 Adams Film Productions.
   MP27909 0087

 Adam-12.
   LP44549 0049
   LP44552 0050
   LP44553 0050
   LP44556 0050
   LP44557 0050
   LP44575 0050
   LP44576 0050
   LP44577 0050
   LP44578 0050
   LP44579 0050
   LP44580 0050
   LP44581 0050
   LP44582 0050
   LP44583 0050
   LP44584 0050
   LP44585 0051
   LP44586 0051
   LP44587 0051

 Adam-12 Productions.
   LP44549 0049
   LP44552 0050
   LP44553 0050
   LP44556 0050
   LP44557 0050
   LP44575 0050
   LP44576 0050
   LP44577 0050
   LP44578 0050
   LP44579 0050
   LP44580 0050
   LP44581 0050
   LP44582 0050
   LP44583 0050
   LP44584 0050
   LP44585 0051
   LP44586 0051
   LP44587 0051

 Adapting to parenthood.
   MP27457 0075

 Adco Productions.
   MP28125 0093

 Adjustments for effective emission control.
   MP27979 0089

 The Adventurer.
   LP44883 0059

 Adventures of Frank and Jesse James.
   R609261 0098

 The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
   LP45139 0066

 Aetna Life and Casualty.
   MP27145 0067
   MP27146 0067
   MP27147 0067
   MP27148 0067
   MP27473 0076
   MP27474 0076
   MP27475 0076
   MP27702 0082
   MP27703 0082
   MP28019 0090

 AFT Distributing Corporation.
   LP44924 0060
   LP44925 0060

 After a coronary.
   MU9430 0096

 AGI-EBE earth science program.
   MP27813 0085
   MP27816 0085

 Aile droite, jeu de l’aile droite et passe.
   MP27620 0080

 Aile droite, tir.
   MP27619 0080

 Aile gauche, jeu de l’aile gauche et tir.
   MP27617 0080

 Aile gauche, patinage de force.
   MP27618 0080

 The Air-conditioning compressor.
   MP27435 0074

 Air conditioning serviceman: Preparing the system for servicing.
   MP27189 0068

 Air conditioning serviceman: Servicing the system.
   MP27188 0068

 Air conditioning serviceman: Testing the system.
   MP27189 0068

 Akran.
   LP44776 0056

 Akron Chapter, American Heart Association.
   SEE American Heart Association. Akron Chapter (OH)

 Albany Medical College.
   SEE Union University. Albany Medical College.

 Alberto Culver Company.
   MU9415 0095
   MU9416 0095
   MU9417 0095
   MU9472 0097
   MU9473 0097
   MU9474 0097
   MU9475 0097
   MU9476 0097
   MU9477 0097
   MU9478 0097
   MU9479 0097
   MU9480 0097

 Alcoholism.
   MP27482 0076

 Alfa, A. G.
   SEE Alfa Productions, S. A.

 Alfa Film, S. A.
   SEE Alfa Productions, S. A.

 Alfa Productions, S. A.
   LF319 0049

 Alfra.
   LP44902 0060
   LP44903 0060
   LP44919 0060
   LP44920 0060
   LP44929 0060
   LP45071 0064
   LP45072 0064
   LP45105 0065
   LP45106 0065

 Algonquin Films, Ltd.
   LP44923 0060

 Alice’s September song.
   LP44743 0055

 Aligning the body shell following collision impact.
   MP28078 0092

 Alive Enterprises.
   LP44904 0060

 Alley cat.
   LP44857 0058

 All gummed up.
   R611778 0102

 Allied Artists Pictures Corporation.
   R610842 0100
   R610843 0100
   R610844 0101
   R610845 0101
   R610846 0101
   R610847 0101
   R610848 0101
   R610850 0101
   R610851 0101
   R610852 0101
   R610853 0101
   R610854 0101
   R610855 0101
   R610857 0101
   R610858 0101
   R610859 0101
   R610860 0101
   R615158 0104
   R615159 0104
   R615160 0104
   R615161 0104
   R615162 0104
   R615163 0104
   R615164 0104
   R615165 0104
   R615167 0104
   R615168 0104
   R615169 0104
   R615170 0104

 Allied Artists Productions, Inc.
   R610841 0100
   R610849 0101
   R610856 0101
   R612623 0102
   R615166 0104

 All in a nutshell.
   R613359 0103

 Allingham, Margery.
   LF298 0049

 All in good time.
   LP44989 0062

 All in the family.
   LP44545 0049
   LP44589 0051
   LP44591 0051
   LP44592 0051
   LP44593 0051
   LP44594 0051
   LP44595 0051
   LP44596 0051
   LP44779 0056
   LP44780 0056
   LP44782 0056
   LP44783 0056

 All in the name of a song.
   MU9412 0095

 All my sons.
   R613943 0103

 All night long.
   LF314 0049

 All our yesterdays.
   LP44733 0055

 All silicone feline urethral shunt tube.
   MP28038 0091

 All the lonely people.
   LP44895 0059

 All the world’s a stage.
   MP27257 0070

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   MP28073 0092

 Altschul, Joel.
   MP28073 0092

 Amacom.
   MP27509 0077
   MP27510 0077
   MP27511 0077

 The Amazing dolphins and whales.
   MP28060 0091

 Ambassador College, Pasadena.
   MP27437 0075
   MP27438 0075
   MP27439 0075
   MP27440 0075
   MP27441 0075
   MP27479 0076
   MP27480 0076
   MP27481 0076
   MP27482 0076
   MP27483 0076
   MP27484 0076
   MP27679 0082
   MP27680 0082
   MP27681 0082
   MP27682 0082
   MP27683 0082
   MP27684 0082
   MP27685 0082
   MP27686 0082
   MP27687 0082
   MP27754 0083
   MP28059 0091
   MP28060 0091

 Amberson.
   MP27227 0069
   MP27228 0069
   MP27241 0070
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 Amelia’s divorce.
   LP44595 0051

 America: grandeur to disillusionment.
   MP27683 0082

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   LP44713 0054

 The American College of Life Underwriters.
   MP27791 0084
   MP27792 0084
   MP27793 0085

 American College of Physicians medical skills library.
   LP44916 0060

 American College of Physicians, Philadelphia.
   LP44916 0060
   MP27758 0084
   MP27759 0084

 American College of Physicians, Philadelphia. Patient Counseling
    Library.
   MP27758 0084
   MP27759 0084

 An American farmer.
   MP27539 0077

 The American Geological Institute.
   MP27813 0085
   MP27816 0085

 American Heart Association. Akron Chapter (OH)
   MU9430 0096
   MU9431 0096
   MU9432 0096
   MU9433 0096
   MU9434 0096
   MU9435 0096
   MU9436 0096
   MU9437 0096
   MU9438 0096
   MU9439 0096

 American history.
   LP44964 0061
   LP44965 0061

 American history series.
   LP45006 0063

 The American Indian in transition.
   MP27237 0070

 American Institute of Physics.
   MP27696 0082

 The American issues forum.
   MP28074 0092

 American Management Associations.
   MP27509 0077
   MP27510 0077
   MP27511 0077

 The American Meteorological Society.
   MP27431 0074
   MP27432 0074

 American Mutual Insurance Alliance.
   MP27738 0083

 American National Enterprises, Inc.
   LP45144 0066

 The American National Red Cross.
   MP27980 0089

 American patriot’s park.
   MU9410 0095

 The American Phoenix.
   MP27701 0082

 The American Revolution: 1770 – 1783, The Last king of America.
   MP27159 0067

 American Salesmasters, Inc.
   MU9395 0095
   MU9396 0095
   MU9397 0095
   MU9398 0095
   MU9401 0095
   MU9402 0095
   MU9403 0095
   MU9404 0095
   MU9405 0095
   MU9406 0095
   MU9407 0095

 American Salesmasters, Inc. Perception Film Productions.
   MU9397 0095

 American Salesmasters, Ltd.
   MU9395 0095
   MU9396 0095
   MU9397 0095
   MU9398 0095
   MU9399 0095
   MU9400 0095
   MU9401 0095
   MU9402 0095
   MU9403 0095
   MU9404 0095
   MU9405 0095
   MU9406 0095
   MU9407 0095

 American Society of Clinical Pathologists.
   MP27564 0078
   MP27565 0078
   MP27566 0078
   MP27567 0078
   MP27568 0078
   MP27739 0083
   MP27977 0089

 American Society of Clinical Pathologists. Division of Educational
    Media Services.
   MP27152 0067

 American Society of Clinical Pathologists. Educational Media Services.
   MP27564 0078
   MP27565 0078
   MP27566 0078
   MP27567 0078

 American Society of Clinical Pathologists. Educational Media Services
    Division.
   MP27739 0083

 The American sportsman.
   MP28070 0092
   MP28071 0092

 The American sportsman, show no. 03.
   MP27217 0069

 The American sportsman, show no. 04.
   MP27224 0069

 The American sportsman, show no. 05.
   MP27223 0069

 The American sportsman, show no. 06.
   MP27222 0069

 The American sportsman, show no. 07.
   MP27221 0069

 The American sportsman, show no. 08.
   MP27220 0069

 The American sportsman, show no. 10.
   MP27219 0069

 The American sportsman, show no. 11.
   MP27218 0069

 The America Radio Relay League, Inc.
   MP27536 0077

 AmeriEuro Pictures Corporation.
   LP44711 0054

 Amniotic fluid analysis in pregnancy at risk.
   MP27977 0089

 Among the headhunters.
   MP27631 0080

 Amram, Robert.
   SEE Amram (Robert) Films.

 Amram (Robert) Films.
   MP27225 0069
   MP27226 0069

 Anaerobic bacteriology: a practical approach for the clinical
    laboratory.
   MP27568 0078

 And the horse jumped over the Moon.
   LP44992 0062

 Angel and Big Joe.
   LP44913 0060

 Angela’s nightmare.
   LP44625 0052

 Angles and screen shots with Tony Esposito.
   MP27611 0080

 Animagination.
   LP44765 0056

 Animal oddities.
   MP27687 0082

 Animation Filmakers Corporation.
   LP44668 0053

 Another part of the forest.
   R613940 0103

 Answer man series.
   R613958 0104
   R613960 0104
   R613961 0104

 Any old port in a storm.
   LP44619 0051

 Anything you want to be.
   LP44956 0061
   LP45093 0065

 The Apache Indian.
   MP28045 0091

 Apartment for Peggy.
   R616926 0106

 The Apple Dumpling Gang.
   LP44785 0056

 An Appointment with Doctor Charles Jarvis.
   MU9402 0095

 Archie and the quiz.
   LP44783 0056

 Archie eats and runs.
   LP44780 0056

 Archie in the cellar.
   LP44592 0051

 Archie is cursed.
   LP44779 0056

 Archie’s helping hand.
   LP44593 0051

 Aren’t we all?
   R611780 0102

 Are you with it?
   R613941 0103

 The Arkansas swing.
   R613302 0103

 Armour and Company. Armour Food Company.
   MP27697 0082
   MP27698 0082

 Armour Food Company, a division of Armour and Company.
   SEE Armour and Company. Armour Food Company.

 The Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University.
   MP27794 0085

 Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University.
   SEE Harvard University. Arnold Arboretum.

 Array back when.
   MP27898 0087

 Artists Entertainment Complex.
   LP44990 0062

 Art of the Persian carpet.
   MP28124 0093

 Aspen and Volare highlights.
   MP28093 0092

 Assembly-level training course for the ADM-1 and ADM-2 display
    terminal.
   MP28178 0094

 Assignment: Earth.
   LP44727 0055

 Assignment: service.
   MP27446 0075

 Associated British Pathe, Ltd.
   LF263 0048
   LF264 0048
   LF265 0048
   LF266 0048
   LF267 0048
   LF268 0048
   LF269 0048
   LF270 0048
   LF271 0048
   LF272 0048
   LF273 0048
   MP27631 0080
   MP27632 0080
   MP27633 0080

 Associated Sound Film Industries, Ltd.
   LF277 0048

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   MP27237 0070

 Atman Productions, Inc.
   MU9487 0097

 The Attacker.
   LP44686 0053

 Attacking and defensive zone play.
   MP27613 0080

 Authentic Pictures.
   MP27215 0069
   MP27216 0069

 Authority.
   MP28062 0091

 Automatic sprinkler protection.
   MP28098 0092

 Automobile glassman: Replacing windshields or “backlights.”
   MP27191 0068

 Automobile upholstery repairman: Repairing cloth and fabric.
   MP27192 0068

 Automotive damage correction series, set 05.
   MP27213 0069

 Automotive damage correction series, set 06.
   MP27214 0069

 Automotive damage correction series, set 07.
   MP27189 0068

 Automotive damage correction series, set 08.
   MP27188 0068

 Automotive damage correction series, set 09.
   MP27194 0068

 Automotive damage correction series, set 10.
   MP27191 0068

 Automotive damage correction series, set 11.
   MP27192 0068

 Automotive damage correction series, set 12.
   MP27193 0068

 Automotive glassman: Sealing window leaks.
   MP27194 0068

 Automotive upholstery repairman: Eliminating leaks in the body.
   MP27193 0068

 Autry, Gene.
   R614236 0104
   R616556 0106

 Autry (Gene) Productions.
   R614236 0104
   R616556 0106

 A-V Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.
   MU9442 0096
   MU9443 0096
   MU9444 0096
   MU9445 0096

 Avondale Productions, Inc.
   LP44928 0060

 Avon Products, Inc.
   MP27442 0075
   MP27806 0085

 Awful orphan.
   R609791 0099

 .sp 2
 Babe.
   LP44949 0061

 Babe Didrikson, queen of sports.
   R619771 0109

 Babe ’n the Wood Productions, Inc.
   MU9411 0095

 The Babe Ruth story.
   R615166 0104

 Baby Face Baker.
   R618238 0107

 Baby fresh, Desitin skin care-reveal.
   MP28121 0093

 The Babysitters.
   LP44745 0055

 Bachmann, Lawrence.
   LF313 0049

 The Backhand.
   MP27202 0069

 Backpacking.
   MP28076 0092

 Back trail.
   R615159 0104

 Bagwell, William P.
   LP44927 0060

 Bagwell Film Productions, Inc.
   LP44927 0060

 Baines, John.
   LF310 0049

 Baker, Frank.
   LF268 0048

 The Baker’s dozen.
   LU3706 0067

 Bali Pictures, Inc.
   R616979 0107
   R616980 0107

 Ball gymnastics for postural control.
   MP28023 0090

 Banacek.
   LP44601 0051
   LP44602 0051
   LP44603 0051
   LP44604 0051
   LP44605 0051
   LP44606 0051
   LP44607 0051
   LP44938 0061
   LP44939 0061
   LP44942 0061
   LP44943 0061
   LP44944 0061
   LP44945 0061
   LP44946 0061
   LP44947 0061

 Bangladesh.
   MP27215 0069

 The Bank.
   LP44870 0059

 Bannerman, Kay.
   LF293 0048
   LF306 0049

 Banquet busters.
   R608312 0097

 Barbapapa.
   LP45019 0063
   LP45020 0063
   LP45021 0063
   LP45022 0063
   LP45023 0063
   LP45024 0063
   LP45025 0063
   LP45026 0063
   LP45027 0063
   LP45028 0063
   LP45029 0063
   LP45030 0063
   LP45031 0063
   LP45032 0063
   LP45033 0063
   LP45034 0063
   LP45035 0063
   LP45036 0063
   LP45037 0063
   LP45038 0063
   LP45039 0063
   LP45040 0063
   LP45041 0064
   LP45042 0064
   LP45043 0064
   LP45044 0064
   LP45045 0064
   LP45046 0064
   LP45047 0064
   LP45048 0064
   LP45049 0064
   LP45050 0064
   LP45051 0064
   LP45052 0064
   LP45053 0064
   LP45054 0064
   LP45055 0064
   LP45056 0064
   LP45057 0064
   LP45058 0064
   LP45059 0064
   LP45060 0064
   LP45061 0064
   LP45062 0064
   LP45063 0064

 Barber shop.
   MU9416 0095

 Barber shop, revised: with ladies tag.
   MU9472 0097

 Barkhausen, Joan.
   MP28094 0092

 Barnaby Jones.
   LP44757 0055
   LP44758 0055
   LP44759 0056

 Barney.
   MP28083 0092

 Barney, John.
   MP25957 0067

 Baseball.
   MP27698 0082

 Basic pipefitting.
   MP27211 0069

 Baum-Dantine.
   LP44891 0059

 Bay State Film Productions, Inc.
   MP27570 0078

 BBS Productions.
   LP44710 0054
   MP28061 0091

 The Bear and the hare.
   R608433 0097

 The Beast of Monsieur Pacine.
   LP44761 0056

 Beautiful.
   MP27442 0075

 Beckman.
   SEE Beckman, Gail McKnight.

 Beckman, Gail McKnight.
   MP27911 0087

 Beckworth Corporation.
   R615265 0105

 Beehive minibee terminal.
   MP27186 0068

 Beeson, Constance.
   MP27762 0084

 Before the Devil knows.
   LP44827 0057

 Beginning good posture habits.
   MP27164 0068

 Beginning responsibility: Manners in public.
   MP27427 0074

 Behavior Communications, Inc.
   MP27444 0075
   MP28136 0093

 Behind the screen.
   LP44878 0059

 Being me.
   MP27695 0082

 Being part of a family.
   LP44958 0061

 Bell, Mary Hayley.
   LF275 0048

 Belle Starr’s daughter.
   R618947 0108

 Benchley, Peter.
   LP44550 0049

 Bending.
   MP28049 0091

 Berdal.
   SEE Berdal, Walter.

 Berdal, Walter.
   MP27911 0087

 Berlin express.
   R609090 0098

 Bermuda.
   R618948 0108

 Bernstein, Leonard.
   MP27227 0069
   MP27228 0069
   MP27241 0070
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 The Best against the best.
   MP27703 0082

 The Best of All in the family.
   LP44545 0049

 Bethlehem Area Bicentennial Committee (PA)
   MP27143 0067

 Better choice of words.
   MP27165 0068

 The Better Mousetrap, Inc.
   MU9399 0095
   MU9400 0095

 Beyond glory.
   R615546 0105

 B. F. Skinner and behavior change: research, practice and promise.
   MP28020 0090

 B. F. Skinner and behavorial change: research, practice and promise.
   MP28020 0090

 Bicentennial Commission of Pennsylvania.
   MP27143 0067

 Bickham, Jack M.
   LP44785 0056

 The Big chance.
   LF284 0048

 The Big fights of the decades.
   MP27251 0070
   MP27252 0070
   MP27445 0075
   MP27501 0076
   MP28127 0093

 Big Foot—man or beast?
   LP45144 0066

 Bighorn sheep.
   MP28021 0090

 The Big money.
   LF310 0049

 The Big punch.
   R609170 0098

 The Big sombrero.
   R616556 0106

 Bilingual Development Center, San Antonio Independent School District.
   SEE San Antonio Independent School District. Bilingual Development
      Center.

 Billie gets her man.
   R618230 0107

 Billie Jean: a study in motion.
   MP27790 0084

 Billie Jean King’s tennis for everyone!
   MP27200 0069
   MP27201 0069
   MP27202 0069
   MP27203 0069
   MP27204 0069
   MP27205 0069
   MP27206 0069
   MP27207 0069
   MP27543 0078
   MP27544 0078
   MP27545 0078
   MP27546 0078
   MP27790 0084

 Billy Jack Enterprises.
   LP44928 0060

 The Biology today film series.
   MP27244 0070

 The Bionic woman.
   LP45079 0065
   LP45082 0065

 Bird Logan Productions, Inc.
   MP28179 0094

 Birth and death of a star.
   MP27696 0082

 Bite the bullet.
   LP44544 0049

 The Black arrow.
   R610635 0100

 Black Bart.
   R609807 0099

 A Black day for Bluebeard.
   LP44565 0050

 Black Eagle.
   R612736 0102

 Black Narcissus.
   R610986 0101

 Black panther.
   R619765 0109

 Black Pearl Productions.
   LP45115 0066

 Black winter.
   LP45148 0066

 Das Blaue Licht.
   LU3701 0067

 Blazer and the 4-wheel drives.
   MP27535 0077

 Blaze takes over.
   R611790 0102

 Blazing across the Pecos.
   R611783 0102

 Bleach and toner, prelightening and toning.
   MP27504 0076

 Bleeding: what to do.
   MP27260 0070

 Blind goddess.
   R616597 0106

 Blondie’s reward.
   R608821 0097

 Blood gases.
   MP27149 0067
   MP27805 0085

 Blood kin.
   LP44634 0052

 The Blue lagoon.
   R610987 0101

 The Blue light.
   LU3701 0067

 Blue marlin.
   MP27224 0069

 Blues for Sally M.
   LP44563 0050

 BNA Communications, Inc.
   MP27690 0082
   MP27691 0082
   MP27692 0082
   MP27693 0082
   MP27694 0082

 Board of Education, San Diego County, CA.
   SEE San Diego County, CA. Board of Education.

 Bob Jones University, Greenville, SC.
   MP28072 0092

 Body and Spice and Everything Nice.
   MU9478 0097

 Body language.
   LP44850 0058

 Body sealing.
   MP27571 0078

 Boltons Trading Corporation.
   LP44905 0060
   LP44906 0060

 Bone of contention.
   LP45000 0062

 Bookends.
   MU9417 0095

 Bookshelf instruction, home economics education.
   MP28079 0092
   MP28080 0092
   MP28081 0092

 Borrowed trouble.
   R618845 0108

 Boston Tea Party.
   LP44670 0053
   LP44682 0053

 Bosustow (Stephen) Productions.
   MP27455 0075

 Both/and.
   MP28017 0090

 Bottome, Phyllis.
   LF309 0049

 Boulting Brothers.
   LP44989 0062

 Bowling kings.
   R611791 0102

 Boyd, Grace Bradley.
   R618842 0108
   R618843 0108
   R618844 0108
   R618845 0108
   R618846 0108
   R618847 0108

 Boyd, William.
   R618847 0108

 Boyd, William L.
   R618842 0108
   R618843 0108
   R616844 0108
   R618845 0108
   R618846 0108

 Boy of the Navajos.
   MP28043 0091

 The Boy who liked deer.
   LP44914 0060

 B/P.
   LP44544 0049

 Brad Park, defence.
   MP27615 0080
   MP27616 0080

 The Brady bunch.
   LP44645 0052
   LP44646 0052
   LP44647 0052
   LP44648 0052
   LP44649 0052
   LP44650 0052
   LP44651 0052
   LP44652 0052
   LP44653 0052
   LP44654 0052
   LP44655 0052
   LP44656 0053
   LP44657 0053
   LP44658 0053
   LP44659 0053
   LP44660 0053
   LP44661 0053
   LP44720 0054
   LP44721 0054
   LP44722 0054
   LP44735 0055
   LP44736 0055
   LP44737 0055
   LP44738 0055
   LP44739 0055
   LP44740 0055
   LP44741 0055
   LP44742 0055
   LP44743 0055
   LP44744 0055
   LP44745 0055
   LP44746 0055
   LP44747 0055
   LP44748 0055
   LP44749 0055
   LP44750 0055
   LP44751 0055
   LP44752 0055
   LP44753 0055
   LP44754 0055
   LP44755 0055

 Bramley-Moore, Zelma.
   LF270 0048

 Brandon, Liane.
   LP45093 0065

 Braun, Zev.
   LF319 0049

 The Bravos.
   LP44684 0053

 Bread and Butter Productions.
   MP28025 0090

 Bread and circuses.
   LP44716 0054

 The Break-in.
   LP44691 0053

 Breath.
   LU3696 0067

 Brian at 17.
   MU9426 0096

 Brickhill, Paul.
   LF282 0048

 Brides and grooms.
   LP45122 0066

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT.
   LP44665 0053

 Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.
   LP44665 0053

 British Film Makers, Ltd.
   LF280 0048

 Broad jump.
   R618379 0108

 Bronk.
   LP44921 0060
   LP44922 0060
   LP44931 0060
   LP44932 0060
   LP45069 0064
   LP45070 0064
   LP45107 0065
   LP45108 0065

 Brooke, Harold.
   LF293 0048
   LF306 0049

 Brooklyn makes capital.
   R609442 0099

 Brooks, Albert.
   LP45016 0063
   LP45017 0063
   LP45018 0063

 Bryanston Distributors, Inc.
   LP44894 0059

 Bryna Company.
   LP44543 0049

 Bubble bee.
   R610957 0101

 Buccaneer bunny.
   R618950 0108

 Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc.
   LP44785 0056
   LP44911 0060

 Bug.
   LP44712 0054

 Building a working team: Let’s get engaged.
   MP27694 0082

 Building belief.
   MP27238 0070
   MP27239 0070

 Built for speed.
   R609172 0098

 The Bulldog breed.
   LF295 0048

 Bungalow 13.
   R616927 0106

 Bushido, the way of the warrior.
   MU9487 0097

 Business, what it’s all about.
   LP45145 0066

 Business, what’s it all about?
   LP45145 0066

 The Busters.
   LP45120 0066

 Butch Cassidy rides again.
   LP44983 0062

 Buying with a twisted arm.
   MP28073 0092

 By any other name.
   LP44724 0054

 .sp 2
 The Cabin.
   LP45102 0065

 Cadillac Motor Car Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Cadillac Motor Car Division.

 Cadillac value protection plan.
   MP28181 0094

 Cage of gold.
   LF264 0048

 Caidin, Martin.
   LP45075 0064
   LP45076 0065
   LP45077 0065
   LP45078 0065
   LP45079 0065
   LP45080 0065
   LP45081 0065
   LP45082 0065
   LP45083 0065
   LP45084 0065
   LP45085 0065
   LP45086 0065
   LP45087 0065
   LP45088 0065
   LP45089 0065
   LP45090 0065
   LP45091 0065
   LP45092 0065
   LP45110 0066

 Calef, Noel.
   LF281 0048

 The Calendar.
   R610988 0101

 California Association of Realtors.
   MP27229 0069

 California. Department of Real Estate.
   MP27229 0069

 Call me irresponsible.
   LP44749 0055

 Camaro.
   MP27961 0089

 The Camerons are a special clan.
   LP44701 0054

 Campbell, Keith.
   LF290 0048

 Campus sleuth.
   R610848 0101

 Candidate for crime.
   LP44620 0051

 Candid Image, Inc.
   LP44954 0061

 Candid microphone.
   R617243 0107

 Canon City.
   R609171 0098

 Can you top this?
   R619769 0109

 Cap frosting method, Robert Platin.
   MP27503 0076

 Capone.
   LP45066 0064

 Capture.
   LP44581 0050

 Caravan.
   MP28094 0092

 Carburetor service tips.
   MP27978 0089

 Carlo, the Sierra coyote.
   LP44672 0053

 Carlton Enterprises.
   MU9454 0096

 Carnan-Baker.
   LP44931 0060
   LP44932 0060

 Carnan-Becker.
   LP44921 0060
   LP44922 0060
   LP45069 0064
   LP45070 0064

 Carnation Company.
   MP27795 0085

 Carnegie (Dale) and Associates, Inc.
   MP27144 0067

 Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh.
   LP44768 0056
   LP44769 0056
   LP44770 0056
   LP44771 0056
   LP44772 0056
   LP44773 0056
   LP45012 0063
   LP45013 0063
   LP45147 0066
   LP45148 0066
   LP45149 0066
   LP45150 0067

 The Car salesman: a study in the law of contracts and sales.
   MP27911 0087

 Carson City raiders.
   R609256 0098

 The Case of the baby sitter.
   R613657 0103

 The Case of the driver who wouldn’t compromise.
   MP27148 0067

 The Case of the incomplete pass.
   MP27145 0067

 The Case of the weaver with the monkey on his back.
   MP27147 0067

 Cash and carry caper.
   LP44572 0050

 Cassidy (Hopalong) Productions, Inc.
   R618842 0108
   R618843 0108
   R618844 0108
   R618845 0108
   R618846 0108
   R618847 0108

 Castex, Pierre.
   LP44898 0060
   LP44899 0060
   LP44900 0060
   LP44901 0060

 Castle (William) Productions, Inc.
   LP44712 0054

 Catapults in action.
   MP27757 0084

 Catfish Productions, Inc.
   MP27968 0089

 The Cat that hated people.
   R618331 0107

 Cavalcade of hairstyling.
   MP27502 0076
   MP27503 0076
   MP27504 0076
   MP27505 0076
   MP27506 0076
   MP27507 0077
   MP27562 0078

 The Cay.
   LP45140 0066

 Cayton, William D.
   MP27251 0070
   MP27252 0070
   MP27445 0075
   MP27501 0076
   MP28127 0093
   MP28128 0093

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 4, 1975.
   MP27393 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 01, 1975.
   MP27859 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 08, 1975.
   MP27744 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 15, 1975.
   MP27856 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 22, 1975.
   MP27865 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 29, 1975.
   MP27863 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 04, 1975.
   MP27663 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 11, 1975.
   MP27654 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 18, 1975.
   MP27732 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 25, 1975.
   MP27844 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 06, 1975.
   MP27412 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 13, 1975.
   MP27407 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 20, 1975.
   MP27579 0079

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 27, 1975.
   MP27658 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 21, 1975.
   MP27392 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 28, 1975.
   MP27402 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 16, 1975.
   MP27422 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 23, 1975.
   MP27411 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 30, 1975.
   MP27417 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 03, 1975.
   MP27993 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 17, 1975.
   MP28156 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 31, 1975.
   MP28159 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 05, 1975.
   MP27937 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 12, 1975.
   MP27846 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 19, 1975.
   MP27848 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 04, 1975.
   MP27745 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 11, 1975.
   MP27852 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 18, 1975.
   MP27867 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 25, 1975.
   MP27862 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 07, 1975.
   MP27653 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 14, 1975.
   MP27735 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 21, 1975.
   MP27728 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 02, 1975.
   MP27416 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 09, 1975.
   MP27403 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 16, 1975.
   MP27575 0078

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 23, 1975.
   MP27984 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 30, 1975.
   MP27660 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 17, 1975.
   MP27388 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 24, 1975.
   MP27400 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 31, 1975.
   MP27397 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 12, 1975.
   MP27424 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 19, 1975 (6:30 feed)
   MP27981 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 26, 1975.
   MP27421 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 03, 1975.
   MP28163 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 06, 1975.
   MP27996 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 20, 1975.
   MP28155 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 01, 1975.
   MP27940 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 08, 1975.
   MP28084 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 15, 1975.
   MP27850 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 29, 1975.
   MP28089 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 3, 1975.
   MP27394 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 07, 1975.
   MP27748 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 14, 1975.
   MP27855 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 21, 1975.
   MP27864 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 28, 1975.
   MP27860 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 03, 1975.
   MP27661 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 10, 1975.
   MP27655 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 17, 1975.
   MP27733 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 24, 1975.
   MP27731 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 31, 1975.
   MP27861 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 05, 1975.
   MP27413 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 12, 1975.
   MP27406 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 19, 1975.
   MP27578 0079

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 26, 1975.
   MP27666 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 20, 1975.
   MP27391 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 27, 1975.
   MP27398 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 15, 1975.
   MP27983 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 22, 1975.
   MP27410 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 29, 1975.
   MP27418 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 02, 1975.
   MP27992 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 16, 1975.
   MP28157 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 30, 1975.
   MP28160 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 04, 1975.
   MP27938 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 11, 1975.
   MP27845 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 18, 1975.
   MP27851 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 25, 1975.
   MP27932 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 1, 1975.
   MP27396 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 05, 1975.
   MP27746 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 12, 1975.
   MP27853 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 19, 1975.
   MP27866 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 26, 1975.
   MP27936 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 08, 1975.
   MP27657 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 1, 1975.
   MP27659 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 15, 1975.
   MP27727 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 22, 1975.
   MP27729 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 29, 1975.
   MP27858 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 03, 1975.
   MP27415 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 10, 1975.
   MP27404 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 17, 1975.
   MP27576 0079

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 24, 1975.
   MP27664 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 18, 1975.
   MP27389 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 25, 1975.
   MP27401 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 13, 1975.
   MP27425 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 20, 1975.
   MP27408 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 27, 1975.
   MP27420 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 04, 1975.
   MP28152 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 07, 1975.
   MP27991 0089

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 14, 1975.
   MP28158 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 21, 1975.
   MP28154 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 28, 1975.
   MP28161 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 02, 1975.
   MP27931 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 09, 1975.
   MP27847 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 23, 1975.
   MP27933 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 30, 1975.
   MP28090 0092

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 2, 1975.
   MP27395 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 06, 1975.
   MP27747 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 13, 1975.
   MP27854 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 20, 1975.
   MP27868 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 27, 1975.
   MP27935 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 02, 1975.
   MP27662 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 09, 1975.
   MP27656 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 16, 1975.
   MP27734 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 23, 1975.
   MP27730 0083

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 30, 1975.
   MP27857 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 04, 1975.
   MP27414 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 11, 1975.
   MP27405 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 18, 1975.
   MP27577 0079

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 25, 1975.
   MP27665 0081

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 19, 1975.
   MP27390 0073

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 26, 1975.
   MP27399 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 14, 1975.
   MP27423 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 21, 1975.
   MP27409 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 28, 1975.
   MP27419 0074

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 01, 1975.
   MP27994 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 08, 1975.
   MP27995 0090

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 22, 1975.
   MP28153 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 29, 1975.
   MP28162 0094

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 03, 1975.
   MP27939 0088

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 17, 1975.
   MP27849 0086

 CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 24, 1975.
   MP27934 0088

 CBS, Inc.
   LP44992 0062
   LP44993 0062
   LP44994 0062
   LP44995 0062
   LP44996 0062
   LP44997 0062
   LP44998 0062
   LP44999 0062
   LP45000 0062
   LP45001 0062
   LP45002 0062
   LP45003 0062
   LP45004 0063
   LP45005 0063
   LP45007 0063
   LP45008 0063
   LP45009 0063
   LP45118 0066
   LP45119 0066
   LP45120 0066
   LP45121 0066
   LP45122 0066
   LP45123 0066
   LP45124 0066
   LP45125 0066
   LP45126 0066
   LP45127 0066
   LP45128 0066
   LP45129 0066
   LP45130 0066
   LP45131 0066
   LP45132 0066
   LP45133 0066
   LP45134 0066
   LP45135 0066
   MP27170 0068
   MP27262 0070
   MP27263 0070
   MP27264 0070
   MP27265 0070
   MP27266 0070
   MP27267 0070
   MP27268 0070
   MP27269 0070
   MP27270 0070
   MP27271 0070
   MP27272 0070
   MP27273 0070
   MP27274 0071
   MP27275 0071
   MP27276 0071
   MP27277 0071
   MP27278 0071
   MP27279 0071
   MP27280 0071
   MP27281 0071
   MP27282 0071
   MP27283 0071
   MP27284 0071
   MP27285 0071
   MP27286 0071
   MP27287 0071
   MP27288 0071
   MP27289 0071
   MP27290 0071
   MP27291 0071
   MP27292 0071
   MP27293 0071
   MP27294 0071
   MP27295 0071
   MP27296 0071
   MP27297 0071
   MP27298 0071
   MP27299 0071
   MP27300 0071
   MP27301 0071
   MP27302 0071
   MP27303 0071
   MP27304 0071
   MP27305 0071
   MP27306 0071
   MP27307 0071
   MP27308 0071
   MP27309 0071
   MP27310 0071
   MP27311 0071
   MP27312 0071
   MP27313 0071
   MP27314 0071
   MP27315 0072
   MP27316 0072
   MP27317 0072
   MP27318 0072
   MP27319 0072
   MP27320 0072
   MP27321 0072
   MP27322 0072
   MP27323 0072
   MP27324 0072
   MP27325 0072
   MP27326 0072
   MP27327 0072
   MP27328 0072
   MP27329 0072
   MP27330 0072
   MP27331 0072
   MP27332 0072
   MP27333 0072
   MP27334 0072
   MP27335 0072
   MP27336 0072
   MP27337 0072
   MP27338 0072
   MP27339 0072
   MP27340 0072
   MP27341 0072
   MP27342 0072
   MP27343 0072
   MP27344 0072
   MP27345 0072
   MP27346 0072
   MP27347 0072
   MP27348 0072
   MP27349 0072
   MP27350 0072
   MP27351 0072
   MP27352 0072
   MP27353 0072
   MP27354 0072
   MP27355 0072
   MP27356 0072
   MP27357 0073
   MP27358 0073
   MP27359 0073
   MP27360 0073
   MP27361 0073
   MP27362 0073
   MP27363 0073
   MP27364 0073
   MP27365 0073
   MP27366 0073
   MP27367 0073
   MP27368 0073
   MP27369 0073
   MP27370 0073
   MP27371 0073
   MP27372 0073
   MP27373 0073
   MP27374 0073
   MP27375 0073
   MP27376 0073
   MP27377 0073
   MP27378 0073
   MP27379 0073
   MP27380 0073
   MP27381 0073
   MP27382 0073
   MP27383 0073
   MP27384 0073
   MP27385 0073
   MP27386 0073
   MP27387 0073
   MP27388 0073
   MP27389 0073
   MP27390 0073
   MP27391 0073
   MP27392 0073
   MP27393 0073
   MP27394 0073
   MP27395 0073
   MP27396 0073
   MP27397 0073
   MP27398 0074
   MP27399 0074
   MP27400 0074
   MP27401 0074
   MP27402 0074
   MP27403 0074
   MP27404 0074
   MP27405 0074
   MP27406 0074
   MP27407 0074
   MP27408 0074
   MP27409 0074
   MP27410 0074
   MP27411 0074
   MP27412 0074
   MP27413 0074
   MP27414 0074
   MP27415 0074
   MP27416 0074
   MP27417 0074
   MP27418 0074
   MP27419 0074
   MP27420 0074
   MP27421 0074
   MP27422 0074
   MP27423 0074
   MP27424 0074
   MP27425 0074
   MP27426 0074
   MP27430 0074
   MP27465 0075
   MP27466 0075
   MP27512 0077
   MP27513 0077
   MP27514 0077
   MP27522 0077
   MP27525 0077
   MP27573 0078
   MP27574 0078
   MP27575 0078
   MP27576 0079
   MP27577 0079
   MP27578 0079
   MP27579 0079
   MP27580 0079
   MP27582 0079
   MP27583 0079
   MP27584 0079
   MP27585 0079
   MP27586 0079
   MP27587 0079
   MP27588 0079
   MP27589 0079
   MP27590 0079
   MP27591 0079
   MP27592 0079
   MP27593 0079
   MP27634 0080
   MP27635 0080
   MP27636 0081
   MP27637 0081
   MP27638 0081
   MP27639 0081
   MP27640 0081
   MP27641 0081
   MP27642 0081
   MP27643 0081
   MP27644 0081
   MP27645 0081
   MP27646 0081
   MP27647 0081
   MP27648 0081
   MP27649 0081
   MP27650 0081
   MP27651 0081
   MP27652 0081
   MP27653 0081
   MP27654 0081
   MP27655 0081
   MP27656 0081
   MP27657 0081
   MP27658 0081
   MP27659 0081
   MP27660 0081
   MP27661 0081
   MP27662 0081
   MP27663 0081
   MP27664 0081
   MP27665 0081
   MP27666 0081
   MP27667 0081
   MP27668 0081
   MP27669 0081
   MP27670 0081
   MP27671 0081
   MP27672 0081
   MP27673 0081
   MP27674 0081
   MP27675 0081
   MP27676 0081
   MP27714 0082
   MP27715 0082
   MP27716 0083
   MP27717 0083
   MP27718 0083
   MP27719 0083
   MP27720 0083
   MP27721 0083
   MP27722 0083
   MP27723 0083
   MP27724 0083
   MP27725 0083
   MP27726 0083
   MP27727 0083
   MP27728 0083
   MP27729 0083
   MP27730 0083
   MP27731 0083
   MP27732 0083
   MP27733 0083
   MP27734 0083
   MP27735 0083
   MP27740 0083
   MP27741 0083
   MP27744 0083
   MP27745 0083
   MP27746 0083
   MP27747 0083
   MP27748 0083
   MP27749 0083
   MP27750 0083
   MP27751 0083
   MP27752 0083
   MP27753 0083
   MP27755 0083
   MP27825 0085
   MP27826 0085
   MP27827 0085
   MP27828 0085
   MP27829 0085
   MP27830 0085
   MP27831 0086
   MP27832 0086
   MP27833 0086
   MP27834 0086
   MP27835 0086
   MP27836 0086
   MP27837 0086
   MP27838 0086
   MP27839 0086
   MP27840 0086
   MP27841 0086
   MP27842 0086
   MP27843 0086
   MP27844 0086
   MP27845 0086
   MP27846 0086
   MP27847 0086
   MP27848 0086
   MP27849 0086
   MP27850 0086
   MP27851 0086
   MP27852 0086
   MP27853 0086
   MP27854 0086
   MP27855 0086
   MP27856 0086
   MP27857 0086
   MP27858 0086
   MP27859 0086
   MP27860 0086
   MP27861 0086
   MP27862 0086
   MP27863 0086
   MP27864 0086
   MP27865 0086
   MP27866 0086
   MP27867 0086
   MP27868 0086
   MP27869 0086
   MP27870 0086
   MP27871 0086
   MP27872 0087
   MP27873 0087
   MP27874 0087
   MP27875 0087
   MP27876 0087
   MP27877 0087
   MP27878 0087
   MP27879 0087
   MP27880 0087
   MP27881 0087
   MP27882 0087
   MP27883 0087
   MP27884 0087
   MP27885 0087
   MP27886 0087
   MP27887 0087
   MP27888 0087
   MP27889 0087
   MP27890 0087
   MP27891 0087
   MP27892 0087
   MP27893 0087
   MP27894 0087
   MP27895 0087
   MP27896 0087
   MP27921 0088
   MP27922 0088
   MP27923 0088
   MP27924 0088
   MP27925 0088
   MP27926 0088
   MP27927 0088
   MP27928 0088
   MP27929 0088
   MP27930 0088
   MP27931 0088
   MP27932 0088
   MP27933 0088
   MP27934 0088
   MP27935 0088
   MP27936 0088
   MP27937 0088
   MP27938 0088
   MP27939 0088
   MP27940 0088
   MP27941 0088
   MP27942 0088
   MP27943 0088
   MP27944 0088
   MP27945 0088
   MP27946 0088
   MP27947 0088
   MP27948 0088
   MP27949 0088
   MP27950 0088
   MP27981 0089
   MP27982 0089
   MP27983 0089
   MP27984 0089
   MP27985 0089
   MP27986 0089
   MP27987 0089
   MP27988 0089
   MP27989 0089
   MP27990 0089
   MP27991 0089
   MP27992 0089
   MP27993 0089
   MP27994 0090
   MP27995 0090
   MP27996 0090
   MP27997 0090
   MP27998 0090
   MP27999 0090
   MP28000 0090
   MP28001 0090
   MP28002 0090
   MP28003 0090
   MP28004 0090
   MP28005 0090
   MP28006 0090
   MP28007 0090
   MP28008 0090
   MP28009 0090
   MP28010 0090
   MP28011 0090
   MP28012 0090
   MP28013 0090
   MP28084 0092
   MP28085 0092
   MP28086 0092
   MP28087 0092
   MP28088 0092
   MP28089 0092
   MP28090 0092
   MP28140 0094
   MP28141 0094
   MP28142 0094
   MP28143 0094
   MP28144 0094
   MP28145 0094
   MP28146 0094
   MP28147 0094
   MP28148 0094
   MP28149 0094
   MP28150 0094
   MP28151 0094
   MP28152 0094
   MP28153 0094
   MP28154 0094
   MP28155 0094
   MP28156 0094
   MP28157 0094
   MP28158 0094
   MP28159 0094
   MP28160 0094
   MP28161 0094
   MP28162 0094
   MP28163 0094
   MP28164 0094
   MP28165 0094
   MP28166 0094
   MP28167 0094
   MP28168 0094
   MP28169 0094
   MP28170 0094
   MP28171 0094
   MP28172 0094
   MP28173 0094
   MP28174 0094
   MP28175 0094
   MP28176 0094
   MU9446 0096

 CBS midday news, Friday, September 05, 1975.
   MP27949 0088

 CBS midday news, Monday, September 01, 1975.
   MP27950 0088

 CBS midday news, Thursday, September 04, 1975.
   MP27948 0088

 CBS midday news, Wednesday, September 03, 1975.
   MP27947 0088

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 04, 1975.
   MP27281 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 11, 1975.
   MP27369 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 18, 1975.
   MP27374 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 25, 1975.
   MP27378 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, August 22, 1975.
   MP27838 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, August 29, 1975.
   MP27843 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, February 28, 1975.
   MP27355 0072

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, July 04, 1975.
   MP27714 0082

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, July 11, 1975.
   MP27649 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 06, 1975.
   MP27304 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 13, 1975.
   MP27294 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 20, 1975.
   MP27833 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 27, 1975.
   MP27644 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 07, 1975.
   MP27360 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 14, 1975.
   MP27364 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 21, 1975.
   MP27280 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 28, 1975.
   MP27286 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 02, 1975.
   MP27383 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 09, 1975.
   MP27588 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 16, 1975.
   MP27310 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 23, 1975.
   MP27299 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 30, 1975.
   MP27305 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 03, 1975.
   MP27989 0089

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 10, 1975.
   MP28086 0092

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 17, 1975.
   MP28173 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 24, 1975.
   MP28169 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, September 12, 1975.
   MP28002 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, September 19, 1975.
   MP27998 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, September 26, 1975.
   MP27943 0088

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, April 07, 1975.
   MP27365 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, April 14, 1975.
   MP27370 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, April 28, 1975.
   MP27379 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, August 18, 1975.
   MP27842 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, August 25, 1975.
   MP27837 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, February 24, 1975.
   MP27351 0072

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, July 07, 1975.
   MP27648 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 02, 1975.
   MP27300 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 09, 1975.
   MP27290 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 16, 1975.
   MP27590 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 23, 1975.
   MP27645 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 03, 1975.
   MP27356 0072

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 10, 1975.
   MP27361 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 17, 1975.
   MP27587 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 24, 1975.
   MP27289 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 31, 1975.
   MP27285 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 05, 1975.
   MP27384 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 12, 1975.
   MP27589 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 19, 1975.
   MP27295 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 26, 1975.
   MP27309 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 06, 1975.
   MP27985 0089

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 13, 1975.
   MP28174 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 20, 1975.
   MP28166 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 27, 1975.
   MP28164 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, September 15, 1975.
   MP28001 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, September 22, 1975.
   MP27942 0088

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, September 29, 1975.
   MP27990 0089

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 03, 1975.
   MP27282 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 10, 1975.
   MP27368 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 17, 1975.
   MP27373 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 24, 1975.
   MP27377 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, August 21, 1975.
   MP27839 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, August 28, 1975.
   MP27834 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, February 27, 1975.
   MP27354 0072

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, July 03, 1975.
   MP27647 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, July 10, 1975.
   MP27650 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 05, 1975.
   MP27303 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 12, 1975.
   MP27293 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 19, 1975.
   MP27593 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 26, 1975.
   MP27646 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 06, 1975.
   MP27359 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 13, 1975.
   MP27586 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 20, 1975.
   MP27279 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 27, 1975.
   MP27287 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 01, 1975.
   MP27382 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 08, 1975.
   MP27387 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 15, 1975.
   MP27311 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 22, 1975.
   MP27298 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 29, 1975.
   MP27306 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 02, 1975.
   MP27987 0089

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 09, 1975.
   MP28087 0092

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 16, 1975.
   MP28170 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 23, 1975.
   MP28167 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, September 11, 1975.
   MP28003 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, September 18, 1975.
   MP27999 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, September 25, 1975.
   MP27944 0088

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 01, 1975.
   MP27284 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 08, 1975.
   MP27366 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 15, 1975.
   MP27371 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 22, 1975.
   MP27375 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 29, 1975.
   MP27380 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, August 19, 1975.
   MP27840 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, August 26, 1975.
   MP27836 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, February 25, 1975.
   MP27352 0072

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, July 8, 1975.
   MP27652 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 03, 1975.
   MP27301 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 10, 1975.
   MP27291 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 17, 1975.
   MP27591 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 24, 1975.
   MP27740 0083

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 04, 1975.
   MP27357 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 11, 1975.
   MP27362 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 18, 1975.
   MP27277 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 25, 1975.
   MP27288 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 06, 1975.
   MP27385 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 13, 1975.
   MP27313 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 20, 1975.
   MP27296 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 27, 1975.
   MP27308 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, October 14, 1975.
   MP28172 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, October 21, 1975.
   MP28165 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, October 28, 1975.
   MP28176 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 02, 1975.
   MP27941 0088

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edward, Tuesday, September 09, 1975.
   MP28005 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 16, 1975.
   MP27997 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 23, 1975.
   MP27946 0088

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 30, 1975.
   MP27986 0089

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 02, 1975.
   MP27283 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 09, 1975.
   MP27367 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 16, 1975.
   MP27372 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 23, 1975.
   MP27376 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 30, 1975.
   MP27381 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, August 20, 1975.
   MP27841 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, August 27, 1975.
   MP27835 0086

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, February 26, 1975.
   MP27353 0072

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, July 9, 1975.
   MP27651 0081

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 04, 1975.
   MP27302 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 11, 1975.
   MP27292 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 18, 1975.
   MP27592 0079

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 25, 1975.
   MP27741 0083

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, March 05, 1975.
   MP27358 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, March 12, 1975.
   MP27363 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, March 19, 1975.
   MP27278 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 07, 1975.
   MP27386 0073

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 14, 1975.
   MP27312 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 21, 1975.
   MP27297 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 28, 1975.
   MP27307 0071

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 01, 1975.
   MP27988 0089

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 08, 1975.
   MP28085 0092

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 15, 1975.
   MP28171 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 22, 1975.
   MP28168 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 29, 1975.
   MP28175 0094

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, September 10, 1975.
   MP28004 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, September 17, 1975.
   MP28000 0090

 CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, September 24, 1975.
   MP27945 0088

 CBS morning news, Friday, August 1, 1975.
   MP27887 0087

 CBS morning news, Friday, August 15, 1975.
   MP27881 0087

 CBS morning news, Friday, August 29, 1975.
   MP27896 0087

 CBS morning news, Friday, October 03, 1975.
   MP28009 0090

 CBS morning news, Friday, October 10, 1975.
   MP28006 0090

 CBS morning news, Friday, October 24, 1975.
   MP28141 0094

 CBS morning news, Friday, October 31, 1975.
   MP28149 0094

 CBS morning news, Friday, September 05, 1975.
   MP27929 0088

 CBS morning news, Friday, September 12, 1975.
   MP27870 0086

 CBS morning news, Friday, September 19, 1975.
   MP27874 0087

 CBS morning news, Friday, September 26, 1975.
   MP27925 0088

 CBS morning news. Monday, August 11, 1975.
   MP27880 0087

 CBS morning news, Monday, August 18, 1975.
   MP27892 0087

 CBS morning news, Monday, August 25, 1975.
   MP27889 0087

 CBS morning news, Monday, November 03, 1975.
   MP28140 0094

 CBS morning news, Monday, October 06, 1975.
   MP28012 0090

 CBS morning news, Monday, October 20, 1975.
   MP28143 0094

 CBS morning news, Monday, September 01, 1975.
   MP27930 0088

 CBS morning news, Monday, September 08, 1975.
   MP27872 0087

 CBS morning news, Monday, September 15, 1975.
   MP27876 0087

 CBS morning news, Monday, September 22, 1975.
   MP27923 0088

 CBS morning news, Monday, September 29, 1975.
   MP28088 0092

 CBS morning news, Thursday, August 14, 1975.
   MP27879 0087

 CBS morning news, Thursday, August 21, 1975.
   MP27895 0087

 CBS morning news, Thursday, August 28, 1975.
   MP27888 0087

 CBS morning news, Thursday, July 31, 1975.
   MP27884 0087

 CBS morning news, Thursday, October 02, 1975.
   MP28008 0090

 CBS morning news, Thursday, October 09, 1975.
   MP28010 0090

 CBS morning news, Thursday, October 16, 1975.
   MP28146 0094

 CBS morning news, Thursday, October 23, 1975.
   MP28144 0094

 CBS morning news, Thursday, October 30, 1975.
   MP28148 0094

 CBS morning news, Thursday, September 04, 1975.
   MP27928 0088

 CBS morning news, Thursday, September 11, 1975.
   MP27871 0086

 CBS morning news, Thursday, September 18, 1975.
   MP27877 0087

 CBS morning news, Thursday, September 25, 1975.
   MP27926 0088

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, August 19, 1975.
   MP27893 0087

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, August 26, 1975.
   MP27891 0087

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, November 04, 1975.
   MP28151 0094

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, October 07, 1975.
   MP28013 0090

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, October 21, 1975.
   MP28142 0094

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, September 02, 1975.
   MP27922 0088

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, September 09, 1975.
   MP27873 0087

 CBS morning news, Tuesday, September 16, 1975.
   MP27875 0087

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, August 13, 1975.
   MP27882 0087

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, August 20, 1975.
   MP27894 0087

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, August 27, 1975.
   MP27890 0087

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, November 05, 1975.
   MP28150 0094

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 01, 1975.
   MP28007 0090

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 08, 1975.
   MP28011 0090

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 22, 1975.
   MP28145 0094

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 29, 1975.
   MP28147 0094

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, September 03, 1975.
   MP27927 0088

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, September 17, 1975.
   MP27878 0087

 CBS morning news, Wednesday, September 24, 1975.
   MP27924 0088

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, April 4, 1975.
   MP27318 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, August 8, 1975.
   MP27749 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 04, 1975.
   MP27668 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 11, 1975.
   MP27637 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 18, 1975.
   MP27721 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 25, 1975.
   MP27720 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 06, 1975.
   MP27340 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 13, 1975.
   MP27330 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 20, 1975.
   MP27585 0079

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 27, 1975.
   MP27672 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, March 21, 1975.
   MP27715 0082

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, March 28, 1975.
   MP27322 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 16, 1975.
   MP27346 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 23, 1975.
   MP27335 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 30, 1975.
   MP27341 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, August 4, 1975.
   MP27750 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 07, 1975.
   MP27869 0086

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 14, 1975.
   MP27723 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 21, 1975.
   MP27724 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 28, 1975.
   MP27885 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 02, 1975.
   MP27336 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 09, 1975.
   MP27326 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 16, 1975.
   MP27581 0079

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 23, 1975.
   MP27670 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 30, 1975.
   MP27675 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 17, 1975.
   MP27314 0071

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 24, 1975.
   MP27325 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 31, 1975.
   MP27755 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 12, 1975.
   MP27350 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 19, 1975.
   MP27333 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 26, 1975.
   MP27345 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 3, 1975.
   MP27319 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, August 7, 1975.
   MP27753 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 03, 1975.
   MP27669 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 10, 1975.
   MP27638 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 17, 1975.
   MP27722 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 24, 1975.
   MP27726 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 05, 1975.
   MP27339 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 12, 1975.
   MP27329 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 19, 1975.
   MP27584 0079

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 26, 1975.
   MP27667 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 20, 1975.
   MP27317 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 27, 1975.
   MP27323 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 15, 1975.
   MP27347 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 22, 1975.
   MP27334 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 29, 1975.
   MP27342 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 1, 1975.
   MP27321 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, August 5, 1975.
   MP27751 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, July 01, 1975.
   MP27673 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, July 08, 1975.
   MP27636 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, July 29, 1975.
   MP27886 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 03, 1975.
   MP27337 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 10, 1975.
   MP27327 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 17, 1975.
   MP27582 0079

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 24, 1975.
   MP27676 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 18, 1975.
   MP27315 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 25, 1975.
   MP27430 0074

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 13, 1975.
   MP27349 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 20, 1975.
   MP27332 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 27, 1975.
   MP27344 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 2, 1975.
   MP27320 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 30, 1975.
   MP27580 0079

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, August 6, 1975.
   MP27752 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 02, 1975.
   MP27674 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 09, 1975.
   MP27639 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 23, 1975.
   MP27725 0083

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 30, 1975.
   MP27883 0087

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 04, 1975.
   MP27338 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 11, 1975.
   MP27328 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 18, 1975.
   MP27583 0079

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 25, 1975.
   MP27671 0081

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 19, 1975.
   MP27316 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 26, 1975.
   MP27324 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 14, 1975.
   MP27348 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 21, 1975.
   MP27331 0072

 CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 28, 1975.
   MP27343 0072

 CBS News.
   MP27153 0067
   MP27154 0067
   MP27155 0067
   MP27156 0067
   MP27157 0067
   MP27158 0067
   MP27159 0067
   MP27160 0067
   MP27161 0067
   MP27162 0067
   MP27163 0067
   MP27171 0068
   MP27426 0074
   MP27465 0075
   MP27466 0075
   MP27512 0077
   MP27513 0077
   MP27514 0077
   MP27515 0077
   MP27516 0077
   MP27517 0077
   MP27518 0077
   MP27519 0077
   MP27520 0077
   MP27521 0077
   MP27522 0077
   MP27523 0077
   MP27524 0077
   MP27525 0077
   MP27526 0077
   MP27527 0077
   MP27528 0077
   MP27529 0077
   MP27712 0082

 CBS News special.
   MP27154 0067
   MP27156 0067
   MP27157 0067
   MP27159 0067
   MP27160 0067
   MP27161 0067
   MP27170 0068
   MP27465 0075
   MP27466 0075
   MP27522 0077
   MP27523 0077
   MP27524 0077
   MP27525 0077
   MP27526 0077
   MP27527 0077
   MP27528 0077
   MP27529 0077

 CBS News special report.
   MP27155 0067
   MP27158 0067
   MP27162 0067
   MP27163 0067
   MP27171 0068
   MP27512 0077
   MP27513 0077
   MP27514 0077
   MP27515 0077
   MP27516 0077
   MP27517 0077
   MP27518 0077
   MP27519 0077
   MP27520 0077
   MP27521 0077
   MP27712 0082

 CBS reports.
   MP27426 0074

 CBS Television Network.
   LP44992 0062
   LP44993 0062
   LP44994 0062
   LP44995 0062
   LP44996 0062
   LP44997 0062
   LP44998 0062
   LP44999 0062
   LP45000 0062
   LP45001 0062
   LP45002 0062
   LP45003 0062
   LP45004 0063
   LP45005 0063
   LP45007 0063
   LP45008 0063
   LP45009 0063
   LP45118 0066
   LP45119 0066
   LP45120 0066
   LP45121 0066
   LP45122 0066
   LP45123 0066
   LP45124 0066
   LP45125 0066
   LP45126 0066
   LP45127 0066
   LP45128 0066
   LP45129 0066
   LP45130 0066
   LP45131 0066
   LP45132 0066
   LP45133 0066
   LP45134 0066
   LP45135 0066
   MP27461 0075
   MP27462 0075
   MP27463 0075
   MP27464 0075

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 5, 1975.
   MP27264 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, August 2, 1975.
   MP27827 0085

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, August 23, 1975.
   MP27832 0086

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, August 30, 1975.
   MP27829 0085

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 05, 1975.
   MP27642 0081

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 12, 1975.
   MP27635 0080

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 19, 1975.
   MP27716 0083

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 26, 1975.
   MP27717 0083

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 07, 1975.
   MP27272 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 14, 1975.
   MP27268 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 21, 1975.
   MP27574 0078

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 28, 1975.
   MP27643 0081

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 22, 1975.
   MP27263 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 17, 1975.
   MP27275 0071

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 24, 1975.
   MP27269 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 31, 1975.
   MP27273 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, September 20, 1975.
   MP27982 0089

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 03, 1975.
   MP27825 0085

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 10, 1975.
   MP27826 0085

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 17, 1975.
   MP27831 0086

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 24, 1975.
   MP27830 0085

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 31, 1975.
   MP27921 0088

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 06, 1975.
   MP27634 0080

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 13, 1975.
   MP27718 0083

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 20, 1975.
   MP27719 0083

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 27, 1975.
   MP27828 0085

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 01, 1975.
   MP27271 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 08, 1975.
   MP27267 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather. Sunday, June 15, 1975.
   MP27573 0078

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 22, 1975.
   MP27640 0081

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 29, 1975.
   MP27641 0081

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 16, 1975.
   MP27262 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 23, 1975.
   MP27266 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 30, 1975.
   MP27265 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 11, 1975.
   MP27276 0071

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 18, 1975.
   MP27270 0070

 CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 25, 1975.
   MP27274 0071

 C.C.C.
   SEE Creative Cartoon Company.

 Cells and cell processes.
   MP28041 0091

 Central and Southern Florida Flood Control District.
   MP28179 0094

 Centre glace, jeu d’attaque et jeu dans la zone defensive.
   MP27613 0080

 Centron Corporation, Inc.
   MP27184 0068
   MP27701 0082
   MP27706 0082
   MP27707 0082
   MP27708 0082
   MP27709 0082
   MP27970 0089
   MP28122 0093
   MP28123 0093

 Centron Educational Films.
   MP27184 0068
   MP27701 0082
   MP27706 0082
   MP27707 0082
   MP27708 0082
   MP27709 0082
   MP27970 0089
   MP28122 0093
   MP28123 0093
   MP28124 0093

 Ceramatop cooking from Frigidaire.
   MP27448 0075

 Ceramatop range benefits.
   MP27448 0075

 The Cervical spine.
   MP27180 0068

 The Chadwick family.
   LP44798 0057

 The Challengers.
   LP44609 0051

 The Champion.
   LP44872 0059

 Champion, John C.
   R612623 0102

 Champions in the making.
   R610644 0100

 A Chance for change: The Story of the foster community.
   MP27199 0069

 Chandeleur fishing.
   MP27221 0069

 Changing.
   MU9429 0096

 Changing attitudes toward drug abuse.
   MU9428 0096

 Charing Cross Productions, Inc.
   R616962 0107

 Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre.
   LP44858 0058
   LP44859 0058
   LP44860 0058
   LP44861 0058
   LP44862 0058
   LP44863 0058
   LP44864 0058
   LP44865 0058
   LP44866 0058
   LP44867 0059
   LP44868 0059
   LP44869 0059
   LP44870 0059
   LP44871 0059
   LP44872 0059
   LP44873 0059
   LP44874 0059
   LP44875 0059
   LP44876 0059
   LP44877 0059
   LP44878 0059
   LP44879 0059
   LP44880 0059
   LP44881 0059
   LP44882 0059
   LP44883 0059

 Charter Film Productions, Ltd.
   LP44915 0060

 The Checkered coat.
   R610479 0100

 Checking.
   MP27614 0080

 Checking techniques.
   MP27615 0080

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 The Chevy people carriers.
   MP27534 0077

 Chicago the beautiful.
   R609363 0098

 The Chief of volunteer services.
   MP27510 0077

 Child of Wednesday.
   LP44704 0054

 Children and heart disease.
   MU9434 0096

 Children of the Campo.
   LP45014 0063

 Children’s Hospital Poison Center, Detroit.
   MP27711 0082

 A Child’s view of the object.
   MP27173 0068

 Chimp aviator.
   R609441 0099

 Chimp the cowboy.
   R618362 0108

 Chimp the fireman.
   R618361 0108

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   MU9418 0095

 Christie, Campbell.
   LF273 0048

 Christie, Dorothy.
   LF273 0048

 Chrysler Corporation.
   MP27434 0074
   MP27435 0074
   MP27436 0074
   MP27571 0078
   MP27572 0078
   MP27713 0082
   MP27978 0089
   MP27979 0089
   MP28091 0092
   MP28092 0092
   MP28093 0092

 Chrysler Corporation Training Center.
   MP27571 0078

 Chrysler 1976.
   MP28091 0092

 The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
   LP44665 0053

 CICS/VS application programming.
   MP27756 0083

 Cihi (Bob) Productions, Inc.
   LP44760 0056

 Cinematografica Champion, Comp.
   LP44546 0049

 Cinema 5.
   LP44784 0056

 Cinema 7, Inc.
   LP45011 0063

 Cinerama Releasing Corporation.
   LP44948 0061

 Cinevision, Ltee.
   LP44924 0060
   LP44925 0060

 C.I.P.I. Cinematografica.
   LP44546 0049

 The Circles of shame.
   LP44640 0052

 City for sale.
   MP28135 0093

 City in the wilderness.
   MP27143 0067

 Clemens, Samuel Langhorne.
   LP45139 0066

 Cleopatra Jones and the casino of gold.
   LP44910 0060

 Clesi Cinematografica, S.P.A.
   LP44588 0051

 Climbing the Matterhorn.
   R610853 0101

 The Cloud minders.
   LP44732 0055

 A Club house is not a home.
   LP44661 0053

 Coach John Ralston.
   MP27144 0067

 Coates, John.
   LF303 0049

 Cohen, K.
   SEE Cohen, Karl Frederick.

 Cohen, Karl Frederick.
   LP44778 0056

 Colby, Carl.
   MP27960 0089

 Colegio de Medicina y Dentisteria de Nueva Jersey.
   SEE College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark.

 Coleytown Productions, Inc.
   LP44912 0060

 Colgate-Palmolive Company.
   MP27185 0068

 College and University Division, McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   SEE McGraw-Hill, Inc. College and University Division.

 College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL.
   MP27179 0068
   MP27180 0068
   MP27181 0068
   MP27182 0068
   MP27183 0068
   MP27449 0075
   MP27450 0075
   MP27470 0075
   MP27471 0075
   MU9409 0095

 College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL. Learning Resources Center.
   MP27179 0068
   MP27180 0068
   MP27181 0068
   MP27182 0068
   MP27183 0068
   MP27449 0075
   MP27450 0075
   MP27470 0075
   MP27471 0075
   MU9409 0095

 College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark.
   LP44756 0055

 College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark. Health
    Education Project.
   LP44756 0055

 The Colonel.
   LP45133 0066

 Colonial Williamsburg Foundation.
   MP27177 0068

 The Colorado cattle caper.
   LP44986 0062

 Columbia.
   LP44926 0060

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   MP27153 0067
   MP27154 0067
   MP27155 0067
   MP27156 0067
   MP27157 0067
   MP27158 0067
   MP27159 0067
   MP27160 0067
   MP27161 0067
   MP27162 0067
   MP27163 0067
   MP27171 0068
   MP27461 0075
   MP27462 0075
   MP27463 0075
   MP27464 0075
   MP27515 0077
   MP27516 0077
   MP27517 0077
   MP27518 0077
   MP27519 0077
   MP27520 0077
   MP27521 0077
   MP27523 0077
   MP27524 0077
   MP27526 0077
   MP27527 0077
   MP27528 0077
   MP27529 0077
   MP27530 0077
   MP27531 0077
   MP27532 0077
   MP27712 0082

 Columbia Pictures.
   LP44714 0054

 Columbia Pictures Corporation.
   LP44544 0049
   R608821 0097
   R610633 0100
   R610634 0100
   R610635 0100
   R610636 0100
   R610637 0100
   R610638 0100
   R610639 0100
   R610640 0100
   R610641 0100
   R610642 0100
   R610643 0100
   R610644 0100
   R610645 0100
   R611776 0101
   R611777 0102
   R611778 0102
   R611779 0102
   R611780 0102
   R611781 0102
   R611782 0102
   R611783 0102
   R611784 0102
   R611785 0102
   R611786 0102
   R611787 0102
   R611788 0102
   R611789 0102
   R611790 0102
   R611791 0102
   R611792 0102
   R611793 0102
   R611794 0102
   R611795 0102
   R611796 0102
   R611797 0102
   R611798 0102
   R611799 0102
   R611800 0102
   R611801 0102
   R612734 0102
   R612735 0102
   R612736 0102
   R612737 0102
   R613298 0103
   R613299 0103
   R613300 0103
   R613301 0103
   R613302 0103
   R613303 0103
   R613304 0103
   R615264 0105
   R615266 0105
   R615267 0105
   R617239 0107
   R617240 0107
   R617241 0107
   R617242 0107
   R617243 0107
   R618230 0107
   R618231 0107
   R618232 0107
   R618233 0107
   R618234 0107
   R618235 0107
   R618236 0107
   R618237 0107
   R616238 0107
   R618239 0107
   R618240 0107
   R618241 0107
   R618242 0107
   R618243 0107
   R619757 0109
   R619758 0109
   R619759 0109
   R619760 0109
   R619761 0109
   R619762 0109
   R619763 0109
   R619764 0109
   R619765 0109
   R619766 0109
   R619767 0109
   R619768 0109
   R619769 0109
   R619770 0109
   R619771 0109
   R619772 0109
   R619773 0109
   R620068 0109
   R620069 0109
   R620070 0109
   R620071 0109
   R620072 0109
   R620073 0109
   R620074 0109
   R620075 0109
   R620076 0109
   R620077 0109
   R620078 0109
   R620079 0109
   R620080 0109

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   LP45064 0064
   R610633 0100
   R610634 0100
   R610635 0100
   R610636 0100
   R610637 0100
   R610638 0100
   R610639 0100
   R610640 0100
   R610641 0100
   R610642 0100
   R610643 0100
   R610644 0100
   R610645 0100
   R611776 0101
   R611777 0102
   R611778 0102
   R611779 0102
   R611780 0102
   R611781 0102
   R611782 0102
   R611783 0102
   R611784 0102
   R611785 0102
   R611786 0102
   R611787 0102
   R611788 0102
   R611789 0102
   R611790 0102
   R611791 0102
   R611792 0102
   R611793 0102
   R611794 0102
   R611795 0102
   R611796 0102
   R611797 0102
   R611798 0102
   R611799 0102
   R611800 0102
   R611801 0102
   R612734 0102
   R612735 0102
   R612736 0102
   R612737 0102
   R613298 0103
   R613299 0103
   R613300 0103
   R613301 0103
   R613302 0103
   R613303 0103
   R613304 0103
   R615264 0105
   R615265 0105
   R615266 0105
   R615267 0105
   R617239 0107
   R617240 0107
   R617241 0107
   R617242 0107
   R617243 0107
   R618230 0107
   R618231 0107
   R618232 0107
   R618233 0107
   R618234 0107
   R618235 0107
   R618236 0107
   R618237 0107
   R618238 0107
   R618239 0107
   R618240 0107
   R618241 0107
   R618242 0107
   R618243 0107
   R619756 0109
   R619757 0109
   R619758 0109
   R619759 0109
   R619760 0109
   R619761 0109
   R619762 0109
   R619763 0109
   R619764 0109
   R619765 0109
   R619766 0109
   R619767 0109
   R619768 0109
   R619769 0109
   R619770 0109
   R619771 0109
   R619772 0109
   R619773 0109
   R620067 0109
   R620068 0109
   R620069 0109
   R620070 0109
   R620071 0109
   R620072 0109
   R620073 0109
   R620074 0109
   R620075 0109
   R620076 0109
   R620077 0109
   R620078 0109
   R620079 0109
   R620080 0109

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Screen Gems.
   LP44766 0056

 Columbia Pictures Industries. Learning Corporation of America.
   MP27432 0074

 Colombo.
   LP44611 0051
   LP44615 0051
   LP44616 0051
   LP44617 0051
   LP44618 0051
   LP44619 0051
   LP44620 0051
   LP44621 0051

 The Comeback.
   LP44644 0052

 Coming out party.
   LP44721 0054

 Communication Centers of America.
   MP27199 0069

 Communications efficiency.
   MP28097 0092

 Community.
   MP28064 0091
   MP28065 0091

 Community sing.
   R611792 0102
   R611795 0102
   R611796 0102
   R611799 0102
   R618243 0107
   R620077 0109

 Community sing, number 9.
   R613304 0103

 Community sing, ser. 13, no. 1.
   R618238 0107

 Community Television of Southern California. KCET (Television station)
   MP27696 0082

 Complementation.
   MP28033 0091

 A Composition in steel by Todd Pendleton.
   MP28067 0091

 Compression and buckling.
   MP28054 0091

 Computer error.
   LP44849 0058

 Conceptualizing drug abuse.
   MU9424 0095

 Concord Films.
   MP27225 0069
   MP27226 0069

 Conducting an experiment in cleaning our air.
   MP28138 0093

 Confessions, confessions.
   LP44755 0055

 Conflict and awareness.
   MP27245 0070
   MP27246 0070
   MP27247 0070
   MP27248 0070
   MP27249 0070

 Conformity and independence.
   MP27678 0081

 Congo Bill, episode no. 01.
   R618231 0107

 Congo Bill, episode no. 02.
   R618236 0107

 Congo Bill, episode no. 03.
   R618235 0107

 Congo Bill, episode no. 04.
   R619757 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 05.
   R619760 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 06.
   R619763 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 07.
   R619765 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 08.
   R619767 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 09.
   R620069 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 10.
   R620070 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 11.
   R620071 0109

 Congo Bill, episode no. 12.
   R620073 0109

 Congo Bill springs a trap.
   R619757 0109

 Conque tienes un problema?
   LP44960 0061

 Conspiracy of fear.
   LP44821 0057

 Consumers Unions of United States, Inc.
   MP27560 0078

 Contact lenses.
   MP27210 0069

 Continental drift.
   MP27187 0068

 Continental Oil Company.
   MP28082 0092

 Controlling heartburn.
   MP27758 0084

 Controlling high blood pressure.
   MP27759 0084

 A Conversation with President Nixon.
   MP27528 0077

 Cooke, Rupert Croft-.
   SEE Croft-Cooke, Rupert.

 Cookson, Catherine.
   LF299 0049

 Copa carnival.
   R613959 0104

 Cop in a cage.
   LP44794 0056

 A Copland celebration.
   MP27463 0075

 Cop of the year.
   LP44562 0050

 Coram Pictures Corporation.
   R614485 0104

 The Core evaluation process.
   MU9468 0096

 Corning.
   MP27699 0082

 Corning Glass Works.
   MP27699 0082

 Coronet Instructional Media, division of Esquire, Inc.
   SEE Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.

 Corpse and robbers.
   LP44554 0050

 The Corrupter.
   LP44825 0057

 Cosmic re-entry.
   MP27798 0085

 Cotati Research Institute.
   MU9450 0096

 The Count.
   LP44877 0059

 Countdown to terror.
   LP44838 0058

 Cowboy.
   MU9449 0096

 Cowboy cavalier.
   R615158 0104

 A Cowboy in Paradise.
   LP44985 0062

 Crabbin’ in the cabin.
   R610641 0100

 Craig (Fred) Productions, Inc.
   MP27208 0069

 Cranio-orbital correction of orbital hypertelorism (teleorbitism)
   MU9481 0097

 Creamy couple.
   MP27801 0085

 Creative Cartoon Company.
   LP44917 0060

 The Creative Coalition, Inc.
   LP44904 0060

 The Creeper.
   R613496 0103
   R616866 0106

 The Creep test.
   MP28051 0091

 Crestwood Pictures, Inc.
   R621160 0110
   R621161 0110
   R621164 0110

 Crime on their hands.
   R620076 0109

 Crisis for the President.
   MP27712 0082

 Critical program reading: structuring an unstructured program.
   MP27468 0075
   MP27469 0075

 CRM Productions.
   MP27244 0070
   MP27245 0070
   MP27246 0070
   MP27247 0070
   MP27248 0070
   MP27249 0070
   MP27500 0076

 Crocus Productions.
   MP27812 0085

 Croft-Cooke, Rupert.
   LF283 0048

 Cronkite interviews Sadat.
   MP27512 0077

 A Crooked deal.
   R610633 0100

 Crosby (Bing) Enterprises, Inc.
   R610335 0100

 Cross and double cross.
   LP44970 0062

 The Cross-country kidnap.
   LP45112 0066

 Crossed trails.
   R610851 0101

 Cross section of Central America: Guatemala.
   R618358 0108

 Crunch Bird Studios, Inc.
   LP45015 0063

 Crunch bird 2.
   LP45015 0063

 A Cry in the night.
   LP44642 0052

 A Cry in the wilderness.
   LP44814 0057

 Cry riot.
   LP45012 0063

 The Cure.
   LP44864 0058

 Curtiz (Michael) Productions, Inc.
   R609169 0098

 Cyborg.
   LP45075 0064
   LP45076 0065
   LP45077 0065
   LP45078 0065
   LP45079 0065
   LP45080 0065
   LP45081 0065
   LP45082 0065
   LP45083 0065
   LP45084 0065
   LP45085 0065
   LP45086 0065
   LP45087 0065
   LP45088 0065
   LP45089 0065
   LP45090 0065
   LP45091 0065
   LP45092 0065
   LP45110 0066

 .sp 2
 Daffy dilly.
   R621500 0111

 Danish pastry.
   MP27802 0085

 Daredevils of the clouds.
   R609263 0098

 Darkness I leave you.
   LF302 0049

 Dark Sunday.
   LP44824 0057

 A Date with Judy.
   R608825 0097

 Davidson Films, Inc.
   MP27431 0074
   MP27432 0074
   MP27897 0087
   MP27898 0087
   MP27899 0087
   MP27900 0087
   MP27901 0087
   MP27902 0087
   MP27964 0089
   MP27965 0089
   MP27966 0089
   MP28042 0091

 A Day at C.B.S.
   R618234 0107

 A Day at the fair.
   R614189 0104

 Daybreak.
   LF289 0048
   R621639 0111

 Day for night.
   LP44953 0061

 The Dead don’t dream.
   R618843 0108

 Deadfall.
   LP45096 0065

 Dead heat.
   LP44937 0061

 The Deadly jinx.
   LP44757 0055

 Deadly nightshade.
   LF317 0049

 The Deadly replay.
   LP45084 0065

 The Deadly tower.
   LP44930 0060

 Dead on his feet.
   LP44803 0057

 Dealing with criticism.
   MP27706 0082

 Dealing with the unexpected.
   MP27709 0082

 Dear Libby.
   LP44654 0052

 Death by prescription.
   LP44836 0058

 Death is not a passing grade.
   LP44830 0057

 Death is only a side effect.
   LP44643 0052

 Death of a monster, birth of a legend.
   LP44968 0062

 Death race.
   LP44799 0057

 Deathstyles.
   LP44775 0056

 The Debutante ball.
   LP44590 0051

 Decades of decision: the American Revolution.
   LP44768 0056
   LP44769 0056
   LP44770 0056
   LP44771 0056
   LP44772 0056
   LP44773 0056
   LP45012 0063
   LP45013 0063
   LP45147 0066
   LP45148 0066
   LP45149 0066
   LP45150 0067

 Deep waters.
   R610212 0100

 Defense, exercice et riposte.
   MP27616 0080

 Defense, techniques de riposte.
   MP27615 0080

 Defensive techniques.
   MP27621 0080

 Defining, classifying and identifying while investigating minerals,
    plants and animals.
   MP28029 0090

 Deformation and strains.
   MP28052 0091

 The Delights and dangers of ambiguity.
   MP27241 0070

 Deliver us from evil.
   LP44777 0056

 Deliver us some evil.
   LP44832 0057

 Democratic prejudice?
   MP27551 0078

 Department of Education, Florida.
   SEE Florida. Department of Education.

 Department of Education, San Diego County, CA, Superintendent of
    Schools.
   SEE San Diego County, CA. Department of Education. Superintendent of
      Schools.

 Department of Home Economics Education.
   MP28080 0092
   MP28081 0092

 Department of Physical Therapy, School of Allied Health Sciences,
    Georgia State University.
   SEE Georgia State University, Atlanta. School of Allied Health
      Sciences. Department of Physical Therapy.

 Department of Real Estate, State of California.
   SEE California. Department of Real Estate.

 DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc.
   LP44887 0059
   LP44892 0059
   LP44893 0059

 De Rouen, Reed.
   LF271 0048

 The Desertion of Keith Ryder.
   LP44694 0054

 Desert lights.
   R613499 0103

 Designers Limited, Inc.
   MP27502 0076
   MP27503 0076
   MP27504 0076
   MP27505 0076
   MP27506 0076
   MP27507 0077

 Designs.
   LP44630 0052

 Desilu.
   LP44717 0054
   LP44718 0054
   LP44719 0054

 A Desperate chance.
   R620071 0109

 The Detroit connection.
   LP44941 0061

 Developing a lesson plan about heart disease.
   MU9439 0096

 Development of the chick.
   R618368 0108

 Development of the child: a cross-cultural approach to cognition.
   MP27570 0078

 The Devil made me do it!
   LP44566 0050

 The Devil’s rain.
   LP44894 0059

 The Devil, you say.
   LP44967 0061

 Diabetes in adults.
   MP27235 0070

 Diabetic’s exchange diet.
   MP27236 0070

 Dial Films, Ltd.
   LF283 0048

 Diamonds on wheels.
   LP44898 0060
   LP44899 0060
   LP44900 0060
   LP44901 0060

 Diary of a gun.
   LP44995 0062

 Dickens, Charles.
   LF312 0049

 Die before they wake.
   LP44831 0057

 Diet and heart disease.
   MU9436 0096

 Dig that gold.
   R614956 0104

 Dimension Pictures, Inc.
   LP44777 0056

 Discovering the library.
   MP27569 0078

 Discus.
   R618356 0107

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   LP44672 0053
   LP44673 0053
   LP44674 0053
   LP44675 0053
   LP44676 0053
   LP44677 0053
   LP44678 0053
   LP44679 0053
   LP44680 0053
   LP44681 0053
   LP44785 0056
   R609662 0099
   R610957 0101
   R613354 0103
   R613355 0103
   R613356 0103
   R613357 0103
   R613358 0103
   R613359 0103
   R615033 0104
   R617027 0107
   R617028 0107
   R620901 0110

 Disney (Walt) Productions, Ltd.
   LP44911 0060

 Disney (Walt) Productions, Ltd.
   SEE Disney (Walt) Productions. Walt Disney Productions, Ltd.

 Disney (Walt) Productions. Walt Disney Productions, Ltd.
   LP44898 0060
   LP44899 0060
   LP44900 0060
   LP44901 0060

 Distances.
   R608531 0097

 Distress signal.
   MP28137 0093

 Diverse Industries, Inc.
   MP27796 0085
   MP27797 0085
   MP27798 0085
   MP27799 0085
   MP27800 0085
   MP27801 0085
   MP27802 0085

 Diving champions.
   R618242 0107

 Division of Communications, Home Mission Board, Southern Baptist
    Convention.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Home Mission Board. Division of
      Communications.

 Division of Educational Media Services, American Society of Clinical
    Pathologists.
   SEE American Society of Clinical Pathologists. Division of
      Educational Media Services.

 Dizziness.
   MP27209 0069

 DKD, Inc.
   MP27509 0077

 Docks of New Orleans.
   R610850 0101

 Doc Savage, the man of bronze.
   LP44709 0054

 Dog day afternoon.
   LP44990 0062

 Dogfather.
   LP44887 0059
   LP44892 0059
   LP44893 0059

 The Dogpond.
   LU3700 0067

 Dog tax dodgers.
   R619921 0109

 A Doll’s house.
   LF274 0048

 Do no harm.
   MP27563 0078

 Don’t call us, we’ll call you.
   LP44839 0058

 Don’t practice your mistakes.
   MP27543 0078

 Don’t tell me what’s good for me.
   MP27693 0082

 Don’t tell the cripples about sex.
   MP27769 0084
   MP27770 0084

 The Dorothy Heathcote teaching series.
   MP27238 0070
   MP27239 0070

 Do’s and don’ts—questions and answers.
   MP27544 0078

 Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   MP27143 0067

 Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
   SEE Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.

 Double exposure.
   LP44621 0051

 Double indemnity.
   LP44790 0056

 Double parked.
   LP44742 0055

 Doubles is a partnership.
   MP27204 0069

 Double trouble.
   MP27897 0087

 Dough and dynamite.
   LP44863 0058

 Dough ray me-ow.
   R621496 0110

 Down a long and lonely river.
   LP45113 0066

 Draggerman’s haul.
   MP27967 0089

 The Dragon flies.
   LP45065 0064

 Drawing conclusions is a tricky art.
   MP27707 0082

 Dream girl.
   R615543 0105

 Dribble-puss parade.
   R608644 0097

 Driscoll, Peter.
   LP44891 0059

 Driver Education Services.
   MP27145 0067
   MP27146 0067
   MP27147 0067
   MP27148 0067

 Driver improvement series, unit 3.
   MP27147 0067

 Driver improvement series, unit 4.
   MP27148 0067

 Driver improvement series, unit 5.
   MP27146 0067

 Driver improvement series, unit 6.
   MP27145 0067

 Driver improvement series, unit 7.
   MP27474 0076

 Driver improvement series, unit 8.
   MP27475 0076

 The Dropout.
   LP44744 0055

 The Drowning pool.
   LP44912 0060

 Drug education.
   MU9420 0095

 Drugs and beyond.
   MU9423 0095

 Drugs and the law.
   MU9425 0095

 The Drummer boy.
   LP44735 0055

 The Dude goes west.
   R610856 0101

 Duncan, Alex.
   LF316 0049

 Dutcher, Thomas F.
   MP27152 0067

 Dying to live.
   R608644 0097

 .sp 2
 Each day a miracle.
   LP44623 0052

 Eagle beagles.
   LP44892 0059

 Ealing Studios, Ltd.
   LF263 0048
   LF264 0048
   LF265 0048
   LF266 0048
   LF267 0048
   LF268 0048
   LF269 0048
   LF270 0048
   LF272 0048
   LF273 0048
   MP27631 0080
   MP27632 0080
   MP27633 0080

 Earthquake.
   LP44551 0050

 Earthworm.
   R618365 0108

 Easy Street.
   LP44867 0059

 Eaton Corporation.
   MU9482 0097

 EBE humanities program.
   MP27817 0085
   MP27820 0085

 Echo of danger.
   LP44931 0060

 Ecology and behavior.
   MP27190 0068

 The Economic summit.
   MP27514 0077

 Edisen, Barbara S.
   MU9486 0097

 Edisen, Clayton B.
   MU9485 0097
   MU9486 0097

 Edisen Communications, Inc.
   MU9485 0097
   MU9486 0097

 Edith’s conversion.
   LP44591 0051

 Edith’s friend.
   LP44596 0051

 Educational Film Division, Moody Institute of Science.
   SEE Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA. Educational Film
      Division.

 Educational Media Corporation.
   MP27476 0076

 Educational Media Services Division, American Society of Clinical
    Pathologists.
   SEE American Society of Clinical Pathologists. Educational Media
      Services Division.

 Educational Media Services of the American Society of Clinical
    Pathologists.
   SEE American Society of Clinical Pathologists. Educational Media
      Services.

 Educational Services Division, Ortho Diagnostics, Inc.
   SEE Ortho Diagnostics, Inc. Educational Services Division.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   MP27468 0075
   MP27469 0075
   MP28030 0090
   MP28031 0090

 Effective communication: better choice of words.
   MP27165 0068

 Eighteen hours of fear.
   LP44826 0057

 E. K. Corporation.
   LP44889 0059

 Elcon Pictures Corporation.
   LP44858 0058
   LP44859 0058
   LP44860 0058
   LP44861 0058
   LP44862 0058
   LP44863 0058
   LP44864 0058
   LP44865 0058
   LP44866 0058
   LP44867 0059
   LP44868 0059
   LP44869 0059
   LP44870 0059
   LP44871 0059
   LP44872 0059
   LP44873 0059
   LP44874 0059
   LP44875 0059
   LP44876 0059
   LP44877 0059
   LP44878 0059
   LP44879 0059
   LP44880 0059
   LP44881 0059
   LP44882 0059
   LP44883 0059

 El Dorado pass.
   R617241 0107

 Electricity all about us.
   MP27428 0074

 Electronic Instrumentation Division, Lear Siegler, Inc.
   SEE Lear Siegler, Inc. Electronic Instrumentation Division.

 The Elementary library media center.
   MP27626 0080

 Elephant in a cage.
   LP44835 0058

 Elephant poaching.
   MP27223 0069

 The Elevator.
   LP44802 0057

 Eliminating leaks in the body.
   MP27193 0068

 Elkins Productions of Canada, Ltd.
   LF274 0048

 Ellery Queen.
   LP44979 0062

 Elliot Lawrence and Orchestra.
   R618239 0107

 ELO 1974 – 75 Productions, Inc.
   LP44924 0060
   LP44925 0060

 The Ely Landau Organization, Inc.
   LP44924 0060
   LP44925 0060

 Embraceable you.
   R614183 0104

 The Emergence of Vivian.
   LP45098 0065

 Emergencies (for adults only)
   MP27474 0076

 Emergency!
   LP44795 0056
   LP44796 0057
   LP44809 0057
   LP44810 0057
   LP44811 0057
   LP44812 0057
   LP44844 0058
   LP44845 0058
   LP44846 0058
   LP44847 0058
   LP44848 0058
   LP44849 0058
   LP44850 0058
   LP44851 0058
   LP44852 0058
   LP44853 0058
   LP44854 0058
   LP44855 0058
   LP44856 0058
   LP44857 0058
   LP44896 0059
   LP44897 0059

 Emergency heart care.
   MU9433 0096

 Emergency Productions.
   LP44795 0056
   LP44796 0057
   LP44809 0057
   LP44810 0057
   LP44811 0057
   LP44812 0057
   LP44844 0058
   LP44845 0058
   LP44846 0058
   LP44847 0058
   LP44848 0058
   LP44849 0058
   LP44850 0058
   LP44851 0058
   LP44852 0058
   LP44853 0058
   LP44854 0058
   LP44855 0058
   LP44856 0058
   LP44857 0058
   LP44896 0059
   LP44897 0059

 The Emerging community college system in the state of Connecticut.
   MP27736 0083

 Emka Division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
   SEE Universal City Studios, Inc. Emka Division.

 Emperor waltz.
   R615541 0105

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
   MP27812 0085
   MP27813 0085
   MP27814 0085
   MP27815 0085
   MP27816 0085
   MP27817 0085
   MP27818 0085
   MP27819 0085
   MP27820 0085
   MP27821 0085
   MP27822 0085
   MP27823 0085
   MP27824 0085

 The Endless moment.
   LP44638 0052

 Energy: Buildings—where the real waste is.
   MP27519 0077

 Energy—choices, options, decisions.
   MP27540 0077

 Energy for the future.
   MP27816 0085

 Energy in the 70’s.
   MP28186 0095

 Energy: Politics and oil.
   MP27517 0077

 Energy: The oil shortage—what’s going on?
   MP27515 0077

 Energy: The Trouble with mass transit.
   MP27520 0077

 Energy: What’s the car in your future?
   MP27518 0077

 Energy: Who’s getting fired?
   MP27516 0077

 The Engagement.
   LP44548 0049

 An English visitor.
   LP44847 0058

 The Enlistment.
   LP44781 0056

 Entertainment Investors Corporation.
   MP27197 0069

 Environmental series.
   MP27431 0074
   MP27432 0074

 An Episode of sparrows.
   LF300 0049

 Epps, Jack, Jr.
   MP27493 0076

 Equally free.
   LP44772 0056

 Ericksen, Joan.
   LP44955 0061

 Ericksen, Robert.
   LP44955 0061

 The Erogenists.
   MP28016 0090

 Escape.
   R611937 0102

 The E.S.P. spy.
   LP45075 0064

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.
   MP27164 0068
   MP27165 0068
   MP27166 0068
   MP27167 0068
   MP27172 0068
   MP27427 0074
   MP27428 0074
   MP27429 0074
   MP27569 0078
   MP28043 0091
   MP28044 0091
   MP28045 0091
   MP28046 0091
   MP28047 0091
   MP28048 0091
   MP28177 0094

 Esther Waters.
   R621638 0111

 Ethics.
   MP28063 0091

 Ethnotech.
   MP27468 0075
   MP27469 0075
   MP28030 0090
   MP28031 0090

 Etude for a kidnapper.
   LP44685 0053

 Eukaryote chromosome structure.
   MP28034 0091

 Europe’s new leaders.
   MP27522 0077

 Evaluation.
   MP27965 0089

 Everest Pictures, Ltd.
   LF276 0048

 Everglades Productions, Inc.
   MP28125 0093

 Everybody does it.
   LP44782 0056

 Every boy does it once.
   LP44659 0053

 Everyone’s a winner.
   MP27624 0080
   MP27627 0080

 Everything is changing.
   LP44961 0061

 Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd.
   R613270 0102

 Execudec, Inc.
   MP27197 0069

 Exercise.
   MU9437 0096

 Exercise and checking.
   MP27616 0080

 The Exile.
   R609773 0099
   R612957 0102

 Explain me a missionary.
   MP28024 0090

 Exploring the Falkland Islands.
   MP27804 0085

 Exploring the Falklands.
   MP27804 0085

 Expressions.
   SEE Renhagen, Inc.

 Eyewitness.
   LF291 0048

 .sp 2
 The Fabulous fraud.
   R613430 0103

 Face offs and shooting.
   MP27612 0080

 Fairmont-Foxcroft.
   LP44979 0062

 Fairview General Hospital, Cleveland.
   MP27149 0067
   MP27805 0085

 False paradise.
   R618846 0108

 Family honor.
   LP44948 0061

 The Family way.
   LP44989 0062

 Faraday and Company.
   LP44555 0050
   LP44568 0050
   LP44569 0050
   LP44570 0050

 Farmer-fishermen (Norway)
   R620691 0110

 Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development.
   MP27594 0079
   MP27595 0079
   MP27596 0079
   MP27597 0079
   MP27598 0079
   MP27599 0079
   MP27600 0079
   MP27601 0079
   MP27602 0079
   MP27603 0079
   MP27604 0079
   MP27605 0080
   MP27606 0080

 Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. Teacher
    Education Division.
   MP27594 0079
   MP27595 0079
   MP27596 0079
   MP27597 0079
   MP27598 0079
   MP27599 0079
   MP27600 0079
   MP27601 0079
   MP27602 0079
   MP27603 0079
   MP27604 0079
   MP27605 0080
   MP27606 0080

 Father of the year.
   LP44645 0052

 Fatigue.
   MP28053 0091

 Fat Tuesday.
   MP27960 0089

 Fear is a free-throw.
   LP44567 0050

 The Fear of silence.
   LP44624 0052

 Feeling good.
   MP27766 0084

 Feline urethral shunt tube.
   MP28038 0091

 Felix the fox.
   R610422 0100

 Feudin’, a-fussin’ and a-fightin’.
   R613939 0103

 Fiberglass repairman: Rebuilding damaged sections.
   MP27214 0069

 Fiberglass repairman: Repairing cracks and holes.
   MP27213 0069

 Fiddlers three.
   R610642 0100

 Fidelio: a celebration of life.
   MP27464 0075

 Fielding, Sean.
   LF287 0048

 The Fifth victim.
   LP45070 0064

 Fighter squadron.
   R619709 0109

 Fighting back.
   R610211 0100

 Fighting Father Dunne.
   R609091 0098

 Fighting mad.
   R610845 0101

 The Fighting ranger.
   R615160 0104

 Fight of the wild stallions.
   R609445 0099

 The Filmakers Group.
   LP44551 0050

 The Filmakers, Inc.
   MP27196 0068

 Film Counselors, Inc.
   MP27446 0075
   MP27699 0082

 FilmFair Communications.
   LP45145 0066
   LP45146 0066
   MP27208 0069
   MP27688 0082
   MP27795 0085
   MP27908 0087
   MP27967 0089

 FilmFair, Inc.
   LP45145 0066
   LP45146 0066
   MP27688 0082

 Les Films Concordia.
   LP44546 0049

 Les Films du Carrosse, S.A.
   LP44953 0061

 Films, Inc.
   LP44667 0053
   LP45117 0066

 The Film Works.
   MP27561 0078

 The Fine art of staying alive.
   LP44558 0050

 Fire and ice.
   LP44570 0050

 Fire control systems, containment.
   MP28099 0092

 Fire inspection procedures.
   MP28100 0092

 The Fireman.
   LP44881 0059

 Fire on Kelly Mountain.
   LP44674 0053

 Fire safety is your department.
   MP28122 0093

 First annual awards.
   MP27484 0076

 The First Artists Production Company, Ltd.
   LP44912 0060

 The First 100 years.
   MP28082 0092

 Fisher, Kathleen M.
   MP28032 0090
   MP28033 0091
   MP28034 0091

 A Fistful of reasons.
   LP44751 0055

 Five Presidents on the Presidency.
   MP27523 0077

 Flame in the streets.
   LF308 0049

 Flashing fins.
   R619772 0109

 Flat feat.
   R611788 0102

 Fleet (Reuben H.) Space Theater.
   MU9459 0096

 Flood waters.
   R613960 0104

 The Floor brigade.
   LP44810 0057

 The Floorwalker.
   LP44871 0059

 Florida. Board of Regents.
   MP28062 0091
   MP28063 0091
   MP28064 0091
   MP28065 0091

 Florida. Department of Education.
   MP27907 0087

 Florida State University, Tallahassee.
   MP28062 0091
   MP28063 0091
   MP28064 0091
   MP28065 0091

 Floyd Patterson versus Sonny Liston for the Heavyweight Championship of
    the World, Chicago, Illinois, September 25, 1962.
   MP27251 0070
   MP28128 0093

 Fly me, if you can find me.
   LP44945 0061

 The Foghorn Leghorn.
   R621498 0111

 Food demonstration.
   MP28081 0092

 Fools.
   LP44812 0057

 Fools, females and fun.
   LP45143 0066

 Football finesse.
   R616928 0106

 Football magic.
   R620702 0110

 Football thrills, number 11.
   R612239 0102

 Foothill division.
   LP44585 0051

 For all the right reasons.
   MP28072 0092

 Force five.
   LP45141 0066

 Forces make forms.
   MP27908 0087

 Ford, Michael W.
   MP27533 0077

 The Forehand.
   MP27201 0069

 A Foreign affair.
   R615545 0105

 A Foreigner among us.
   LP44689 0053

 The Foreman’s accident prevention series.
   MP27916 0088
   MP27917 0088
   MP27919 0088
   MP27920 0088

 Former neighbors.
   LP44597 0051

 Forrest, David.
   LP44911 0060

 For services rendered.
   LP44633 0052

 For the birds.
   MP27440 0075

 The Fortune.
   LP44926 0060

 Forward together.
   MP27542 0078

 Four portraits in black.
   MP27527 0077

 The Fourth sex.
   LP44902 0060
   LP44903 0060

 The Fourth victim.
   LP45125 0066

 The Framing of Billy the Kid.
   LP44843 0058

 Franciscan Communications Center.
   LP45014 0063
   MP27250 0070

 Franklin, Kenneth.
   MP27915 0088

 Free.
   MP27785 0084

 Freefall to terror.
   LP44966 0061

 The Free-form classroom.
   MP27548 0078

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions.
   LP44992 0062
   LP44993 0062
   LP44994 0062
   LP44995 0062
   LP44996 0062
   LP44997 0062
   LP44998 0062
   LP44999 0062
   LP45000 0062
   LP45001 0062
   LP45002 0062
   LP45003 0062
   LP45004 0063
   LP45005 0063
   LP45007 0063
   LP45008 0063
   LP45009 0063

 Freeward Films, Ltd.
   LF274 0048

 French connection 2.
   LP45068 0064

 French leave.
   R610852 0101

 Frequency.
   LP44853 0058

 A Friend in deed.
   LP44617 0051

 Friends.
   LU3694 0067

 Friends in high places.
   LP44637 0052

 Friends till death.
   LP44758 0055

 Frigidaire Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Frigidaire Division.

 Frolic in sports.
   R612306 0102

 From adult to child in ? easy drinks.
   MP27475 0076

 From here to there—special children, special needs.
   MU9468 0096

 Frommelt, Horace.
   MU9457 0096

 From nags to riches.
   LP44893 0059

 Frontier agent.
   R610855 0101

 The Frontier experience.
   LP45006 0063

 Der Fuehrer: the life and times of Adolf Hitler.
   MP27809 0085

 Der Fuehrer: the rise and fall of Adolf Hitler.
   MP27809 0085

 Fugitive from fear.
   LP44767 0056

 The Fuller Brush man.
   R610636 0100

 A Full life.
   LP44610 0051

 Fullness.
   MP27773 0084

 The Fun of making friends.
   MP27167 0068

 Der Fussganger.
   LF319 0049

 .sp 2
 Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.
   LF279 0048
   LF288 0048
   LF290 0048
   R616597 0106

 Gainsborough Pictures (1928), Ltd.
   R610988 0101

 Gale Sayers—to be a winner.
   MP27700 0082

 The Gallant blade.
   R617242 0107

 Gallant legion.
   R609259 0098

 Galton, Ray.
   LP44548 0049
   LP44600 0051
   LP44763 0056
   LP44764 0056
   LP44907 0060
   LP44908 0060
   LP44950 0061
   LP45109 0065

 The Gamesters of Triskelton.
   LP44715 0054

 Gandy Goose and the Chipper Chipmunk.
   R610420 0100

 The Gangster.
   R610841 0100

 Gardien de but, biocages et telescopages.
   MP27610 0080

 Gardien de but, positions et controle du baton.
   MP27609 0080

 Garner Ted Armstrong.
   MP27495 0076
   MU9461 0096

 Garner Ted Armstrong and Portland City Fathers.
   MP27437 0075

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 008.
   MP27680 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 610.
   MP27679 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 613.
   MP27482 0076

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 614.
   MP27438 0075

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 615.
   MP27439 0075

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 624.
   MP27483 0076

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 625.
   MP27484 0076

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 626.
   MP27479 0076

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 628.
   MP27480 0076

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 629.
   MP27441 0075

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 630.
   MP27437 0075

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 631.
   MP27481 0076

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 633.
   MP27754 0083

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 635.
   MP27440 0075

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 636.
   MP27681 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 637.
   MP27685 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 638.
   MP28059 0091

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 639.
   MP28060 0091

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 640.
   MP27687 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 641.
   MP27684 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 642.
   MP27682 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 643.
   MP27683 0082

 Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 644.
   MP27686 0082

 Gartlan, J. Stephen.
   MP27190 0068

 Gateway Productions, Inc.
   MP27630 0080

 Gateway to the West.
   MU9394 0095

 Gathering good information: Get ’em up. Scout.
   MP27691 0082

 Gattey, Charles Neilson.
   LP270 0048

 Gaucho fiesta.
   R613962 0104

 The Gauntlet.
   LP44932 0060

 The Gay intruders.
   R613495 0103

 A Gay view/male.
   MP27767 0084

 Gazzarri, Paolo.
   MU9458 0096

 Gee, Officer Krupke.
   MP27508 0077

 Gelderse Belleggingsmaatschappij, N.V.
   LP44926 0060

 Gene Krupa and his orchestra.
   R611800 0102

 General Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF263 0048
   LF264 0048
   LF265 0048
   LF267 0048
   LF268 0048
   LF270 0048
   LF273 0048
   LF278 0048
   LF279 0048
   LF280 0048
   LF288 0048
   LF289 0048
   LF290 0048
   MP27632 0080
   MP27633 0080

 General Learning Corporation.
   MP27897 0087
   MP27898 0087
   MP27899 0087
   MP27900 0087
   MP27901 0087
   MP27902 0087
   MP28042 0091

 General Motors Corporation.
   MP27448 0075
   MP27534 0077
   MP27535 0077
   MP27961 0089
   MP27962 0089
   MP27963 0089
   MP28101 0092
   MP28102 0092
   MP26103 0092
   MP28104 0092
   MP28105 0092
   MP28106 0093
   MP28107 0093
   MP28108 0093
   MP28109 0093
   MP28110 0093
   MP28111 0093
   MP26112 0093
   MP28113 0093
   MP28114 0093
   MP28115 0093
   MP28116 0093
   MP28117 0093
   MP28118 0093
   MP28180 0094
   MP28181 0094

 General Motors Corporation. Cadillac Motor car Division.
   MP28181 0094

 General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   MP27485 0076
   MP27486 0076
   MP27487 0076
   MP27488 0076
   MP27489 0076
   MP27490 0076
   MP27491 0076
   MP27492 0076
   MP27534 0077
   MP27535 0077
   MP27961 0089
   MP27962 0089
   MP27963 0089

 General Motors Corporation. Frigidaire Division.
   MP27212 0069
   MP27448 0075
   MP28117 0093
   MP28118 0093

 General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.
   MP28110 0093
   MP28111 0093
   MP28112 0093
   MP28113 0093
   MP28114 0093
   MP28115 0093
   MP28116 0093

 General Motors Corporation. Pontiac Motor Division.
   MP28101 0092
   MP28102 0092
   MP28103 0092
   MP28104 0092
   MP28105 0092
   MP28106 0093
   MP28107 0093
   MP28108 0093
   MP28109 0093

 General Motors Institute, Flint, MI.
   MP27552 0078
   MP27553 0078
   MP27554 0078
   MP27555 0078
   MP27556 0078
   MP27557 0078
   MP27558 0078
   MP27559 0078
   MP28095 0092
   MP28096 0092
   MP28097 0092
   MP28098 0092
   MP26099 0092
   MP28100 0092

 General Motors Photographic.
   MP27212 0069
   MP27448 0075
   MP27534 0077
   MP27535 0077
   MP28110 0093
   MP28111 0093
   MP28112 0093
   MP28113 0093
   MP28114 0093
   MP28115 0093
   MP28116 0093
   MP28117 0093
   MP26118 0093
   MP28180 0094
   MP28181 0094

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 01.
   MP27552 0078
   MP27553 0078

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 03.
   MP27554 0078

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 04.
   MP27555 0078

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 05.
   MP27556 0078

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 06.
   MP27557 0078

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 07.
   MP27558 0078

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 08.
   MP27559 0078

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 16.
   MP28097 0092

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 17.
   MP28095 0092

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 18.
   MP28096 0092

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 19.
   MP28098 0092

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 20.
   MP28099 0092

 General Motors plant security development program, unit 21.
   MP28100 0092

 The Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center, San Francisco.
   MP27769 0084
   MP27770 0084
   MP27771 0084
   MP27772 0084
   MP27773 0084
   MP27774 0084
   MP27776 0084
   MP27777 0084
   MP27778 0084

 Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center, San Francisco. Multi Media
    Resource Center.
   MP27781 0084

 The Gentleman from nowhere.
   R612735 0102

 George Washington: the making of a rebel.
   LP45013 0063

 Georgia State University, Atlanta.
   MP28023 0090

 Georgia State University, Atlanta. School of Allied Health Sciences.
    Department of Physical Therapy.
   MP28023 0090

 Gerber (David) Productions, Inc.
   LP44766 0056

 Get ’em up, Scout.
   MP27691 0082

 Getting ahead.
   MP27261 0070

 Getting in shape.
   MP27546 0078

 The Ghost of Buzz Stevens.
   LP44695 0054

 Giants in the sky.
   MP27623 0080

 Gibco Films.
   MP28037 0091

 Girard, Joe.
   SEE Girardi, Joseph.

 Girardi, Joseph.
   MP27232 0069

 The Girl from Manhattan.
   R616962 0107

 Girl in the river.
   LP44817 0057

 Gittelman Film Associates, Inc.
   MP27906 0087

 Give me five.
   LU3696 0067

 Give to get.
   MP27786 0084

 G. L.
   MU9446 0096

 GM Photographic.
   SEE General Motors Photographic.

 Goalkeeping.
   MP27609 0080
   MP27610 0080

 Goalkeeping: Angles and screen shots with Tony Esposito.
   MP27611 0080

 Go chase yourself.
   R618232 0107

 Goddard, Victor.
   LF263 0048

 Godden, Rumer.
   LF300 0049

 The Godfather comes to Sixth Street.
   MP27499 0076

 Going, going steady.
   LP44748 0055

 Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
   MP28028 0090
   MP28029 0090
   MP28138 0093

 Golden boy.
   LP44908 0060

 The Golden eye.
   R615165 0104

 Golden Harvest.
   LP45065 0064

 Golden Rays Investments, N.V.
   MP27225 0069
   MP27226 0069

 Golfers day of tournament.
   MP27185 0068

 Goodkind, Lois S.
   MP27695 0082

 Goodland Enterprises, Inc.
   MP27191 0068
   MP27192 0068
   MP27193 0068
   MP27194 0068

 Good Sam.
   R616955 0106

 Good times.
   LP44590 0051
   LP44781 0056
   LP45104 0065

 Goodtimes Enterprises.
   LP44991 0062

 Good to see you again, Alice Cooper.
   LP44904 0060

 Goofy gymnastics.
   R617027 0107

 Grand Canyon.
   R618371 0108

 A Grand man.
   LF299 0049

 The Grass is always greener.
   LP44646 0052

 The Great blizzard.
   LP44766 0056

 The Great daylily dissection.
   MP27547 0078

 The Great dinosaur robbery.
   LP44911 0060

 The Greatest collection of them all.
   LP44604 0051

 Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.
   MP27251 0070
   MP27252 0070
   MP27445 0075
   MP27501 0076
   MP28127 0093
   MP28128 0093
   R614446 0104
   R614485 0104

 The Greatest gift.
   LP44974 0062

 The Greener yard.
   R620901 0110

 Green grass of Wyoming.
   R608643 0097

 Grey Advertising.
   MU9447 0096
   MU9448 0096
   MU9449 0096

 Griff.
   LP44767 0056
   LP44834 0057
   LP44835 0058
   LP44836 0058
   LP44837 0058
   LP44838 0058
   LP44839 0058
   LP44840 0058
   LP44841 0058
   LP44842 0058
   LP44843 0058
   LP44895 0059
   LP44988 0062

 Group Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF278 0048

 Group 3, Ltd.
   LF271 0048

 Groverton.
   LP44684 0053
   LP44789 0056

 Groverton Productions, Ltd.
   LP44613 0051
   LP44614 0051
   LP44685 0053
   LP44686 0053
   LP44687 0053
   LP44688 0053
   LP44689 0053
   LP44690 0053
   LP44691 0053
   LP44692 0054
   LP44693 0054
   LP44694 0054
   LP44695 0054
   LP44696 0054
   LP44697 0054
   LP44698 0054
   LP44699 0054
   LP44700 0054
   LP44701 0054
   LP44702 0054
   LP44703 0054
   LP44704 0054
   LP44705 0054
   LP44706 0054
   LP44707 0054
   LP44767 0056
   LP44790 0056
   LP44797 0057
   LP44798 0057
   LP44834 0057
   LP44835 0058
   LP44836 0058
   LP44837 0058
   LP44838 0058
   LP44639 0058
   LP44840 0058
   LP44841 0058
   LP44842 0058
   LP44843 0058
   LP44895 0059
   LP44934 0061

 GTR.
   MP27810 0085

 Guiding the new employee to safety.
   MP27916 0088

 Guinevere.
   MP27797 0085

 Gump Worsley, goal, part 1: position.
   MP27609 0080

 Gump Worsley, goal, part 2: saves and angles.
   MP27610 0080

 Gunsmoke.
   LP45118 0066
   LP45119 0066
   LP45120 0066
   LP45121 0066
   LP45122 0066
   LP45123 0066
   LP45124 0066
   LP45125 0066
   LP45126 0066
   LP45127 0066
   LP45128 0066
   LP45129 0066
   LP45130 0066
   LP45131 0066
   LP45132 0066
   LP45133 0066
   LP45134 0066
   LP45135 0066

 The Guns of Cibola Blanca.
   LP45123 0066
   LP45131 0066

 Guns of hate.
   R609089 0098

 Gyldendalske Boghandel, Nordisk Forlag, A. S.
   LP45095 0065

 Gyles, Frank S.
   LU3694 0067

 The Gypsy and the gentleman.
   LF302 0049

 .sp 2
 Habal, Mutaz B.
   MU9392 0095
   MU9481 0097

 Hagner, Gerald.
   MP27737 0083

 Hagopian, J. Michael.
   MP27237 0070

 The Haircutting techniques of Jamison Shaw, low layer cut.
   MP27502 0076

 Hair Naturally, Inc.
   MU9462 0096
   MU9463 0096
   MU9464 0096
   MU9465 0096

 Hair Naturally spot number 1.
   MU9465 0096

 Hair Naturally spot number 2.
   MU9462 0096

 Hair Naturally spot number 3.
   MU9464 0096

 Hair Naturally spot number 4.
   MU9463 0096

 Haldeman: the Nixon years—conversations with Mike Wallace.
   MP27465 0075
   MP27466 0075

 Hale and Travail at Winged Foot.
   LP45116 0066

 The Half-breed.
   LP44906 0060

 Half pint pygmy.
   R610727 0100

 Hall of Fame.
   R609440 0099

 Hamlin.
   MP28083 0092

 Hamlin, Jerome.
   MP25957 0067

 Hammerlock.
   LP44840 0058

 Handful of Tansy.
   LF293 0048

 Handling information at the personal level.
   MP27706 0082
   MP27707 0082
   MP27708 0082
   MP27709 0082

 Handling the juvenile offender.
   MP27625 0080

 Handvoice.
   MP27787 0084

 Hang glide.
   MP27222 0069

 Harbor division.
   LP44579 0050

 Harbour-UTV.
   LP44612 0051

 Hard contact lenses.
   MP27210 0069

 The Hard hours.
   LP44809 0057

 Hard labor.
   LP45121 0066

 Hardness and impact tests.
   MP28056 0091

 A Hard road to vengeance.
   LP44940 0061

 Hard times.
   LP45064 0064

 Hare-do.
   R608551 0097

 Hare splitter.
   R621499 0111

 Harnessed lightning.
   R609443 0099

 Harper, Barbara S.
   LF284 0048

 Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.
   MP27570 0078
   MP27677 0081
   MP27678 0081
   MP28041 0091
   MP28062 0091
   MP28063 0091
   MP28064 0091
   MP28065 0091

 Hartkopf (Robert) Films.
   MP27623 0080

 Hartkopf, Robert J.
   MP27623 0080

 Harvard University. Arnold Arboretum.
   MP27794 0085

 Harvard University. President and Fellows of Harvard College.
   MP27794 0085

 The Hat act.
   LU3699 0067

 Hatter’s castle.
   R615542 0105

 A Hawaiian nightmare.
   LP44998 0062

 Hawaii Five-O.
   LP44992 0062
   LP44993 0062
   LP44994 0062
   LP44995 0062
   LP44996 0062
   LP44997 0062
   LP44998 0062
   LP44999 0062
   LP45000 0062
   LP45001 0062
   LP45002 0062
   LP45003 0062
   LP45004 0063
   LP45005 0063
   LP45007 0063
   LP45008 0063
   LP45009 0063

 Haycox Photoramic, Inc.
   MP27240 0070

 Hazard.
   R615540 0105

 The Headache.
   LP44950 0061

 Health Education Media, Inc.
   MP27563 0078

 Healthy mother, healthy baby.
   MP27743 0083

 Hear better: healthy ears.
   MP27429 0074

 The Hearst Corporation.
   MP28074 0092

 The Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News.
   MP27539 0077
   MP27540 0077
   MP27541 0077
   MP27542 0078
   MP27809 0085
   MP28014 0090
   R609280 0098
   R609281 0098
   R609282 0098
   R609283 0098
   R609284 0098
   R609285 0098
   R609286 0098
   R609287 0098
   R609288 0098
   R611112 0101
   R611113 0101
   R611114 0101
   R611115 0101
   R611116 0101
   R611117 0101
   R611118 0101
   R611119 0101
   R611120 0101
   R613547 0103
   R613548 0103
   R613549 0103
   R613550 0103
   R613551 0103
   R613552 0103
   R613553 0103
   R613554 0103
   R615860 0106
   R615861 0106
   R615862 0106
   R615863 0106
   R615864 0106
   R615865 0106
   R615866 0106
   R615667 0106
   R615868 0106
   R617148 0107
   R617149 0107
   R617150 0107
   R617151 0107
   R617152 0107
   R617153 0107
   R617154 0107
   R617155 0107
   R617156 0107
   R619949 0109
   R619950 0109
   R619951 0109
   R619952 0109
   R619953 0109
   R619954 0109
   R619955 0109
   R619956 0109

 Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News Division.
   MP28074 0092

 The Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.
   R608821 0097

 Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst Corporation.
   SEE The Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   R609280 0098
   R609281 0098
   R609282 0098
   R609283 0098
   R609284 0098
   R609285 0098
   R609286 0098
   R609287 0098
   R609288 0098
   R611112 0101
   R611113 0101
   R611114 0101
   R611115 0101
   R611116 0101
   R611117 0101
   R611118 0101
   R611119 0101
   R611120 0101
   R613547 0103
   R613548 0103
   R613549 0103
   R613550 0103
   R613551 0103
   R613552 0103
   R613553 0103
   R613554 0103
   R615860 0106
   R615861 0106
   R615862 0106
   R615863 0106
   R615864 0106
   R615865 0106
   R615866 0106
   R615867 0106
   R615868 0106
   R617148 0107
   R617149 0107
   R617150 0107
   R617151 0107
   R617152 0107
   R617153 0107
   R617154 0107
   R617155 0107
   R617156 0107
   R619949 0109
   R619950 0109
   R619951 0109
   R619952 0109
   R619953 0109
   R619954 0109
   R619955 0109
   R619956 0109

 Heartline, program 01.
   MU9431 0096

 Heartline, program 02.
   MU9432 0096

 Heartline, program 03.
   MU9433 0096

 Heartline, program 04.
   MU9430 0096

 Heartline, program 05.
   MU9435 0096

 Heartline, program 06.
   MU9436 0096

 Heartline, program 07.
   MU9437 0096

 Heartline, program 08.
   MU9438 0096

 Heartline, program 09.
   MU9434 0096

 Heartline, program 10.
   MU9439 0096

 The Heart of a child.
   LF309 0049

 The Heart of a man.
   LF276 0048

 Hearts and minds.
   LP44710 0054
   MP28061 0091

 Hearts of the West.
   LP44933 0061

 Heartsong, U.S.A.
   MU9471 0097

 Heatwave!
   LP44816 0057

 Heavyweight.
   LP44851 0058

 Heckle and Jeckle the talking magpies in Taming the cat.
   R610423 0100

 Hec Ramsey.
   LP44936 0061
   LP44937 0061
   LP44940 0061
   LP44941 0061

 Heel, sit, stay, down, come.
   MP27795 0085

 Heliarc welding.
   MP27472 0075

 Heller, Robert A.
   MP28049 0091
   MP28050 0091
   MP28051 0091
   MP28052 0091
   MP28053 0091
   MP28054 0091
   MP28055 0091
   MP28056 0091
   MP28057 0091
   MP28058 0091

 Heller (Robert) Productions.
   MP27188 0068
   MP27189 0068
   MP27213 0069
   MP27214 0069

 Hello from Albert.
   LP45018 0063

 Hello from Albert Brooks.
   LP45018 0063

 Helping people develop: Don’t tell me what’s good for me.
   MP27693 0082

 The Hephaestus plague.
   LP44712 0054

 Here come the Huggetts.
   LF279 0048

 A Heritage of change.
   MP27904 0087

 Her name was Nancy.
   LP44834 0057

 Hernandez: Houston P.D.
   LP44612 0051

 The Hero.
   LP44649 0052

 Herriott, Edwin Albert.
   MP27607 0080
   MP27608 0080
   MP27609 0080
   MP27610 0080
   MP27611 0080
   MP27612 0080
   MP27613 0080
   MP27614 0080
   MP27615 0080
   MP27616 0080
   MP27617 0080
   MP27618 0080
   MP27619 0080
   MP27620 0080
   MP27621 0080

 Herriott (Ted) Associates.
   MP27607 0080
   MP27608 0080
   MP27609 0080
   MP27610 0080
   MP27611 0080
   MP27612 0080
   MP27613 0080
   MP27614 0080
   MP27615 0080
   MP27616 0080
   MP27617 0080
   MP27618 0080
   MP27619 0080
   MP27620 0080
   MP27621 0080

 Herzog (Milan) and Associates.
   MP27817 0085

 Hey, how about another one?
   MP27246 0070

 Hicks, Clifford B.
   LP44678 0053
   LP44679 0053

 The Hiders.
   LP45129 0066

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions, Inc.
   MP27743 0083
   MP28022 0090

 High blood pressure.
   MP27234 0069
   MU9438 0096

 High jump.
   R618357 0107

 High lifting into an ash shade.
   MP27506 0076

 High lifting to an ash shade, one process coloring with Jon Guenter.
   MP27506 0076

 High rise buildings, fire safety and you.
   MP28039 0091

 High tide.
   R609061 0098

 Hills of home.
   R611478 0101

 His Excellency.
   LF273 0048

 His trysting place.
   LP44882 0059

 Hitchhike!
   LP44815 0057

 Hit gun for sale.
   LP44994 0062

 Hockey player.
   MU9447 0096

 Hockey, PS-01.
   MP27607 0080

 Hockey, PS-02.
   MP27608 0080

 Hockey, PS-03.
   MP27609 0080

 Hockey, PS-04.
   MP27610 0080

 Hockey, PS-05.
   MP27611 0080

 Hockey, PS-06.
   MP27612 0080

 Hockey, PS-07.
   MP27613 0080

 Hockey, PS-08.
   MP27614 0080

 Hockey, PS-09.
   MP27615 0080

 Hockey, PS-10.
   MP27616 0080

 Hockey, PS-11.
   MP27617 0080

 Hockey, PS-12.
   MP27618 0080

 Hockey, PS-13.
   MP27619 0080

 Hockey, PS-14.
   MP27620 0080

 Hockey, PS-15.
   MP27621 0080

 Hog wild.
   LP44676 0053
   LP44677 0053

 Holding, tag A.
   MU9474 0097

 Hollywood division.
   LP44584 0050

 Hollywood Friars honor George Jessel.
   R615267 0105

 Hollywood holiday.
   R618241 0107

 Hollywood party.
   R611785 0102

 Hollywood’s Santa Claus Lane.
   R620080 0109

 Holmes, David.
   MU9408 0095

 Holmgren, Virginia C.
   LP44675 0053

 Holst: The Planets.
   MP27532 0077

 The Holy Childhood Association.
   LP45014 0063

 Homeplace.
   MP27533 0077

 Honey harvester.
   R613356 0103

 The Honeymoon.
   LP44660 0053

 Hooke, Nina Warner.
   LF302 0049

 Hope Enterprises, Inc.
   R610335 0100

 The Hopi Indian.
   MP28046 0091

 Hopi Indian arts and crafts.
   MP28044 0091

 Horsemen of the pampa: Argentina.
   R618359 0108

 Horse of a slightly different color.
   LP44938 0061

 The Hostage.
   LP44996 0062

 Hot cross bunny.
   R621495 0110

 A Hot reception.
   R618235 0107

 Hot Scots.
   R613299 0103

 Hot shot.
   LP44577 0050

 House of friends.
   LP44688 0053

 Houston, we’ve got a problem.
   LP44793 0056

 Howco International Pictures.
   LP45010 0063

 How far can I trust you?
   MP27690 0082

 How green was my thumb.
   LP44811 0057

 How say you?
   LF306 0049

 How’s your new friend?
   MP27249 0070

 How to improve managerial performance—the American Management
    Associations performance standards program.
   MP27510 0077
   MP27511 0077

 How to survive in ’75.
   MP28059 0091

 Hubley Studios, Inc.
   MP27195 0068

 The Huggetts abroad.
   LF290 0048

 The Hug of life.
   MP28126 0093

 The Human Betterment League of North Carolina, Inc.
   MP27240 0070

 The Humanities: a bridge to ourselves.
   MP27817 0085

 Human life value.
   MP27791 0084

 The Hunger bomb.
   MP27441 0075

 Hunt, William W.
   MU9412 0095

 Hunting trails and primitive weapons.
   MU9469 0097

 Hurdles.
   R618372 0108

 Hypertension and you.
   MP27459 0075

 Hypnotic phenomena.
   MP27913 0088

 Hysterectomy.
   MP27460 0075

 .sp 2
 IBM.
   SEE International Business Machines Corporation.

 IBM Corporation.
   SEE International Business Machines Corporation.

 IBM Poughkeepsie Lab. Audiovisual Communications.
   MP27915 0088

 Ibsen, Henrik.
   LF274 0048

 I can be a winner behind the wheel.
   MP27146 0067

 Ice aces.
   R618333 0107

 If ever two were one.
   MP27772 0084

 If Max is so smart, why doesn’t he tell us where he is?
   LP44942 0061

 If the shoe fits.
   LP44576 0050

 If you want it done right.
   LP44664 0053

 If you want something done right.
   LP44664 0053

 Ignacio, Leonard F.
   MP27230 0069

 I guess I got the job.
   MP27245 0070

 I have promises to keep.
   LP45119 0066

 I’ll kill ’em again.
   LP45003 0062

 Ill met by moonlight.
   LF318 0049

 I’ll quit tomorrow.
   MP27810 0085

 Imagic Productions, Inc.
   MP28075 0092

 I’m a monkey’s uncle.
   R618237 0107

 Immedia, Inc.
   MP28082 0092

 The Immigrant.
   LP44859 0058

 The Immunity syndrome.
   LP44723 0054

 The Impossible truth.
   LP45016 0063

 The Impractical joker.
   LP44720 0054

 Improving eating habit.
   MU9485 0097
   MU9486 0097

 Improving your safety meetings.
   MP27231 0069

 IMS/VS application programming for teleprocessing.
   MP27168 0068

 IMS/VS batch application programming.
   MP27169 0068

 In all cases whatsoever.
   LP45149 0066

 In celebration.
   LP44924 0060

 Independent Artists (Production) Ltd.
   LF281 0048

 Independent Producers, Ltd.
   R610987 0101
   R616595 0106
   R616596 0106
   R621638 0111

 Independent study program.
   MP27168 0068
   MP27169 0068
   MP27756 0083

 Independent Television Corporation.
   LP44885 0059

 Indians of Mexico—The Tarascans.
   MP28048 0091

 The Individual recall.
   MP27952 0088
   MP27953 0088
   MP27954 0089
   MP27959 0089
   MP27974 0089
   MP27976 0089

 The Infant discovers the permanence of objects.
   MP27174 0068

 The Infant learns spatial relationships.
   MP27175 0068

 The Infant learns to control his body.
   MP27176 0068

 Infant observation series.
   MP27174 0068
   MP27175 0068
   MP27176 0068

 Inferno.
   LP44796 0057

 Information Packaging Associates.
   MP27737 0083

 Inheritance tax.
   LP44848 0058

 Initial fire attack.
   MP27556 0078

 Initial medical interview.
   MP27971 0089

 Inner city.
   LU3695 0067

 Innocent sinners.
   LF300 0049

 In performance of duty.
   LP45128 0066

 Insomnia.
   LP44844 0058

 Instant hula.
   MU9419 0095

 Instant replay.
   MP27700 0082

 Instructional lesson 1.
   MP27600 0079

 Instructional lesson 2.
   MP27606 0080

 Instructional lesson 3.
   MP27605 0080

 Instructional lesson 4.
   MP27604 0079

 Instructional lesson 5.
   MP27594 0079

 Instructional Materials Service, University of Montana.
   SEE University of Montana, Missoula. Instructional Materials Service.

 Instructional/model lesson 1.
   MP27595 0079

 Instructional/model lesson 2.
   MP27598 0079

 Instructional/model lesson 3.
   MP27599 0079

 Instructional/model lesson 4.
   MP27596 0079

 Instructional Resources Center, University of Delaware.
   SEE University of Delaware, Newark. Instructional Resources Center.

 Inter-John, Inc.
   R616960 0107

 International Business Machines Corporation.
   MP27168 0068
   MP27169 0068
   MP27756 0083
   MP27903 0087
   MP27904 0087
   MP27905 0087
   MP27906 0087
   MP27914 0088
   MP27915 0088

 International Cinemedia Center.
   LP44714 0054

 International Harvester Company.
   MP27496 0076

 The International Institute of Coiffure.
   MP27502 0076
   MP27503 0076
   MP27504 0076
   MP27505 0076
   MP27506 0076
   MP27507 0077

 The International Institute of Coiffure Designers Ltd., Inc.
   MP27562 0078

 International photographic Center. Videotape Section.
   MP27496 0076

 International Sports Productions, Inc.
   LP45116 0066

 Interpersonal process recall, C-2 suppl.
   MP27971 0089

 Interpersonal process recall—discussion.
   MP27951 0088

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-1.
   MP27952 0088

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-2.
   MP27953 0088

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-3.
   MP27976 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-4.
   MP27954 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. B-1.
   MP27974 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. B-2.
   MP27959 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-1.
   MP27955 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-2.
   MP27956 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-3.
   MP27957 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-4.
   MP27958 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-5.
   MP27975 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-6.
   MP27972 0089

 Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-7.
   MP27973 0089

 Interpreting data: testing hypotheses while investigating the quality
    of life in a pond.
   MP28028 0090

 Intertect.
   LP44662 0053

 Interviewing.
   MP27710 0082

 In the beginning—God.
   MP28035 0091

 In the doghouse.
   LF316 0049

 In this corner.
   R616957 0106

 Intraco, Inc.
   MP27231 0069
   MP27537 0077
   MP27538 0077
   MP27916 0088
   MP27917 0088
   MP27918 0088
   MP27919 0088
   MP27920 0088

 Introducing: Touch typing.
   MP28019 0090

 Introduction.
   MP27597 0079
   MP27603 0079

 Introduction and anatomy.
   MU9431 0096

 Introduction to the interpretation of bone marrow sections.
   MP27152 0067

 Inventions.
   LP44897 0059

 Investigating those accidents.
   MP27537 0077

 Investigation of handgun wounds.
   MP27564 0078

 Investigation of the suspicious death.
   MP27565 0078

 The Invisible man.
   LP44973 0062

 Invitation to social psychology.
   MP27677 0081

 In winterlight.
   MP27778 0084

 I only want you to be happy.
   MP27247 0070

 Iorli, Dino.
   MP27736 0083

 The Iron Curtain.
   R608641 0097

 Island in the desert.
   LP45126 0066
   LP45127 0066

 Isn’t it romantic?
   R616938 0106

 Isolate and destroy.
   LP44837 0058

 The Israelis.
   MP27524 0077

 Is there a doctor in the house?
   LP44655 0052

 Is there really a hell fire?
   MP27681 0082

 I surrender, dear.
   R613301 0103

 An Italian family: life on a farm.
   MP27822 0085

 It’s a small world.
   MP27899 0087

 It’s a vet’s life.
   LF316 0049

 I’ve promised you a father.
   LP44629 0052
   LP44692 0054

 I wouldn’t be in your shoes.
   R610859 0101

 .sp 2
 Jack Sharkey versus Jim Maloney, New York, May 20, 1927.
   MP27445 0075

 Jacqueline.
   LF299 0049

 Jaffe, Gib.
   SEE Gibco Films.

 Jaglom, Henry.
   MP28061 0091

 Janbox, Ltd.
   LP44989 0062

 Javelin throw.
   R618373 0108

 Jaws.
   LP44550 0049

 Jean Hersholt party.
   R610645 0100

 Jefferson National Expansion Historical Association, Inc.
   MU9394 0095

 The Jeffersons.
   LP44597 0051
   LP44598 0051
   LP44599 0051

 Jewel Productions, Ltd.
   LP44885 0059

 Jigsaw.
   LP44787 0056

 Jim McKenny: Defensive techniques.
   MP27621 0080

 Jina Productions, Inc.
   LP44777 0056

 Jinx money.
   R609790 0099

 The Jitney elopement.
   LP44880 0059

 Joe Palooka in Fighting mad.
   R610845 0101

 Joe Palooka in Winner take all.
   R615169 0104

 The Jog walk.
   MP27624 0080

 Johnny Belinda.
   R618952 0108

 Johnson, Vernon E.
   MP27810 0085

 Johnson Institute.
   MP27810 0085

 Johnston, Cyril L., Jr.
   MU9410 0095

 Jordano, Gary Kenneth.
   MU9393 0095

 Journal Films.
   MP28073 0092

 Journal Films, Inc.
   MP28138 0093

 A Joyful song.
   LP44632 0052

 Joyride to nowhere.
   LP44574 0050

 Julia misbehaves.
   R611477 0101

 Julio and sister and nephew.
   LP44600 0051

 Jumping for joy.
   LF296 0049

 June bride.
   R619708 0109

 Jungle flight.
   R608333 0097

 Jungle goddess.
   R621160 0110

 Jungle gold.
   R618236 0107

 Jungle Jim.
   R620074 0109

 Jungle patrol.
   R618943 0108

 Just for the fun of it.
   MU9407 0095

 Just suppose.
   R609085 0098

 Just what can you do?
   MP28015 0090

 Juvenile court.
   MP27150 0067

 Juvenile justice: Why can’t I go home now?
   LP44786 0056

 .sp 2
 Kagan, Norman I.
   MP27951 0086
   MP27952 0088
   MP27953 0088
   MP27954 0089
   MP27955 0089
   MP27956 0089
   MP27957 0089
   MP27958 0089
   MP27959 0089
   MP27971 0089
   MP27972 0089
   MP27973 0089
   MP27974 0089
   MP27975 0089
   MP27976 0089

 Kaiser.
   SEE Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation.

 Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation.
   MP27455 0075

 Kaiser Steel Corporation.
   MU9466 0096

 Kampen, Irene.
   LP44717 0054

 Karate sensei.
   MU9413 0095

 Katchoo.
   LP44656 0053

 Kaufman, Joseph.
   MU9440 0096

 KCET, Community Television of Southern California.
   SEE Community Television of Southern California. KCET (Television
      station)

 Keith (Allan) Productions, Inc.
   MP27502 0076
   MP27503 0076
   MP27504 0076
   MP27505 0076
   MP27506 0076
   MP27507 0077
   MP27562 0078

 Kenilworth Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF317 0049

 Key Largo.
   R611663 0101

 Kiddie koncert.
   R608944 0097

 The Kid from G.O.L.F.
   MU9456 0096

 Kidnapped.
   R615170 0104

 Killdozer.
   LP44813 0057

 A Killer with a badge.
   LP44687 0053

 Kimball, Paul C.
   MU9441 0096

 Kinek Productions.
   MP27908 0087

 King Features Syndicate, a division of The Hearst Corporation.
   SEE The Hearst Corporation. King Features Syndicate.

 King of gamblers.
   R609255 0098

 King’s Mountain.
   LP44771 0056

 Kiniry, Sue.
   MP27173 0068

 The Kissing bandit.
   R618332 0107

 Kitchell, Mark.
   MP27499 0076

 Kit for cat.
   R608548 0097

 Kittie Karry—all is missing.
   LP44657 0053

 Klebau, James.
   MP28067 0091

 Klingman, Larry.
   LP44669 0053

 Kluge, P. F.
   LP44990 0062

 Knee bent sit-up, pull-up, flexed-arm hang, chair push-up.
   MP27627 0080

 Knockover.
   LP44818 0057

 Kojak.
   LP44794 0056
   LP44803 0057
   LP44804 0057
   LP44805 0057
   LP44817 0057
   LP44818 0057
   LP44819 0057
   LP44820 0057
   LP44821 0057
   LP44822 0057
   LP44823 0057
   LP44824 0057
   LP44825 0057
   LP44826 0057
   LP44827 0057
   LP44828 0057
   LP44829 0057
   LP44830 0057
   LP44831 0057
   LP44832 0057
   LP44833 0057
   LP45113 0066

 Krash.
   LP44557 0050

 .sp 2
 A Lad in his lamp.
   R621501 0111

 Lady at midnight.
   R616956 0106

 The Ladykillers.
   LF269 0048

 The Lair of the beast.
   R620073 0109

 Lamp post favorites.
   R609439 0099

 Lancer Productions.
   MP27497 0076

 Landscape Films, Inc.
   LP44713 0054

 Land use and misuse.
   MP27432 0074

 The Language-experience approach to the teaching of reading, grades 1 –
    6.
   MP27705 0082

 Lantz (Walter) Productions, Inc.
   R608312 0097
   R608944 0097
   R609703 0099
   R613648 0103
   R614936 0104
   R616384 0106

 Larry Wilson talks about selling.
   MU9397 0095

 Laser Images, Inc.
   MU9460 0096

 Laserium.
   MU9460 0096

 A Lass in Alaska.
   R618233 0107

 The Last ballad.
   LP44841 0058

 The Last kamikaze.
   LP45110 0066

 The Last king of America.
   MP27159 0067

 Last of the wild horses.
   R621164 0110

 The Last performance.
   LP45106 0065

 Last rites for a dead priest.
   LP44833 0057

 Last stand farmer.
   MP27198 0069

 The Latch key child.
   LP44627 0052

 Laumer, Keith.
   LP45096 0065

 Laundry center benefits.
   MP27212 0069

 The Law.
   LP44978 0062

 L.B.J.: Lyndon Johnson talks politics.
   MP27529 0077

 L.B.J. talks politics.
   MP27529 0077

 Leader, revised.
   MU9480 0097

 The Leading edge.
   MU9405 0095

 Learning about electric current.
   MP27823 0085

 Learning about nuclear energy.
   MP27821 0085

 Learning astronomy a new way.
   MP27915 0088

 Learning: a “tremendous” experience.
   MU9395 0095

 Learning Corporation of America.
   LP44547 0049
   LP44913 0060
   LP44914 0060
   LP44964 0061
   LP44965 0061
   LP45006 0063
   MP27431 0074
   MP27433 0074

 Learning Corporation of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
    Industries.
   SEE Columbia Pictures Industries. Learning Corporation of America.

 Learning Resources Center, College of DuPage.
   SEE College of DuPage, Glen Ellyn, IL. Learning Resources Center.

 Learning to be human.
   LP44547 0049
   LP44913 0060
   LP44914 0060

 Lear Siegler, Inc. Electronic Instrumentation Division.
   MP28178 0094

 Lease of life.
   LF268 0048

 Leather gloves.
   R619758 0109

 Leave something behind.
   MU9476 0097

 The Lecuona Cuban Boys.
   R611793 0102

 Lee, Walter L.
   MP27459 0075

 Lee Creative Communications, Inc.
   MP27459 0075

 Left wing.
   MP27617 0080
   MP27618 0080

 Left wing play and shooting with Paul Henderson.
   MP27617 0080

 The Legend of Koo-Tan.
   LP44663 0053

 The Legend of Sleepy Hollow.
   MP27254 0070

 The Leningrad Kirov training film.
   MU9408 0095

 Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 2.
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 4.
   MP27228 0069
   MP27241 0070

 Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 5.
   MP27227 0069

 Leopaldi, Jerry.
   LU3697 0067

 Lepke.
   LP44711 0054

 A Lesson in loving.
   LP44696 0054

 Let’s cogitate.
   R621341 0110

 Let’s get engaged.
   MP27694 0082

 Let’s sing a song from the movies.
   R614187 0104

 Lew Lehr’s Dribble-puss parade.
   R608644 0097

 The Liberation of Marcia Brady.
   LP44739 0055

 Lieb, Fredrich T.
   MU9467 0096

 Lieb, Fred T.
   SEE Lieb, Fredrich T.

 Life cycle of a fly.
   R618366 0108

 Life cycle of a trout.
   R618367 0108

 Life cycle of the frog.
   R618369 0108

 Life Energy Filmworks.
   MU9450 0096

 A Life in your hands.
   MP28018 0090

 Life without George.
   LP44717 0054

 The Light at the threshold.
   LP44635 0052

 The Lights of Zetar.
   LP44730 0055

 Lights out.
   LP44740 0055

 Light tackle.
   MP27223 0069

 Light Works, Inc.
   MP28185 0095

 Like father, like son.
   LP44598 0051

 Lin, Shih Kuang.
   MU9454 0096

 Linda.
   LP44806 0057

 Lindo, James K.
   MU9419 0095

 Line of fire.
   LP45107 0065

 Lionel’s engagement.
   LP44594 0051

 Lion International.
   LP45067 0064

 Lippert Productions, Inc.
   R621162 0110
   R621163 0110

 Liss (Ted) School of Performing Arts.
   MP28073 0092

 Liszt and the devil.
   MP27531 0077

 Lisztomania.
   LP44991 0062

 Literary Classics Productions.
   R616961 0107

 The Little Red Filmhouse.
   LP44669 0053

 Live again, die again.
   LP44797 0057

 The Living cell.
   MP27824 0085

 A Living lake.
   MP28179 0094

 Loads and stresses.
   MP28050 0091

 Loeb Drama Center.
   MP27508 0077

 Loew’s, Inc.
   R608433 0097
   R608825 0097
   R608826 0097
   R609084 0098
   R609085 0098
   R609086 0098
   R609173 0098
   R609363 0098
   R609381 0098
   R610725 0100
   R610726 0100
   R610727 0100
   R611477 0101
   R611478 0101
   R612239 0102
   R612506 0102
   R613428 0103
   R613429 0103
   R613430 0103
   R613431 0103
   R614092 0104
   R615663 0106
   R616303 0106
   R616304 0106
   R616888 0106
   R618331 0107
   R618332 0107
   R618333 0107
   R618927 0108
   R618928 0108
   R618929 0108
   R621338 0110
   R621339 0110
   R621340 0110
   R621341 0110

 Lofberg, Lila.
   LP44672 0053

 Logan (Bird) Productions, Inc.
   SEE Bird Logan Productions, Inc.

 The Log of the Black Pearl.
   LP45115 0066

 The long arm.
   LF272 0048

 Look alike.
   LP45080 0065

 Look back in sorrow.
   LP44768 0056

 The Loose connection.
   LP44759 0056

 The Lorelei.
   LF313 0049

 Lost.
   LF311 0049

 Lost love.
   LP45077 0065

 The Lost manuscript.
   LP44665 0053

 The Lost one.
   R617239 0107

 Lou Nanne: Checking.
   MP27614 0080

 Love and death.
   LP44886 0059

 The Love lottery.
   LF270 0048

 Lovely but lethal.
   LP44618 0051

 The Loves of Carmen.
   R615265 0105

 Love triangle.
   MP27796 0085

 Lovrien (Marsh) Productions.
   MP27144 0067

 Low layered cut by Jamison Shaw followed by blow waving.
   MP27502 0076

 The Luck of the Irish.
   R613498 0103

 Lucky!
   MP28184 0095

 Lucky ducky.
   R616888 0106

 Lucy and “The Boss of the Year” award.
   LP44717 0054

 The Lucy show.
   LP44717 0054

 Lulu Belle.
   R613300 0103

 The Lumbar spine.
   MP27182 0068

 The Lungs and respiratory system.
   MP27815 0085

 Luxury liner.
   R610726 0100

 .sp 2
 Mabel at the wheel.
   LP44861 0056

 Macbeth.
   R616961 0107

 Mackenzie, Compton.
   LF307 0049

 MacMillan Publishing Company, Inc.
   MP27594 0079
   MP27595 0079
   MP27596 0079
   MP27597 0079
   MP27598 0079
   MP27599 0079
   MP27600 0079
   MP27601 0079
   MP27602 0079
   MP27603 0079
   MP27604 0079
   MP27605 0080
   MP27606 0080

 Macrae, Arthur.
   LF288 0048

 The Maggie.
   LF267 0048

 The Magic lantern show, and how it grew.
   MP28014 0090

 The Magic square.
   MP27900 0087

 The Magic world of Whiselphasoon.
   LP45117 0066

 Maine bass.
   MP27219 0069

 Maintaining the organization: How far can I trust you?
   MP27690 0082

 Majesty of Yellowstone.
   R611938 0102

 Major New Library.
   R613271 0102

 Major News Library.
   R608334 0097
   R608335 0097
   R608336 0097
   R609039 0097
   R609040 0097
   R609041 0097
   R609042 0097
   R609043 0098
   R610881 0101
   R610882 0101
   R610883 0101
   R610884 0101
   R610885 0101
   R610886 0101
   R610887 0101
   R612159 0102
   R612160 0102
   R612161 0102
   R613273 0103
   R613274 0103
   R613275 0103
   R620478 0110
   R620479 0110
   R620480 0110
   R620481 0110
   R620482 0110
   R620483 0110
   R620484 0110
   R620485 0110
   R620486 0110
   R620487 0110
   R621201 0110
   R621202 0110
   R621203 0110
   R621204 0110
   R621205 0110
   R621206 0110
   R621207 0110
   R621208 0110
   R621209 0110
   R621210 0110
   R621211 0110
   R621212 0110
   R621213 0110
   R621214 0110
   R621215 0110

 Major Productions (London) Ltd.
   LF284 0048

 Make mine freedom.
   R609381 0098

 Malcomson, David.
   LP44672 0053

 Malice.
   LP44588 0051

 Malignant melanoma: histologic interpretation and prognostication.
   MP27739 0083

 Malizia.
   LP44588 0051

 The Mallory burn.
   LP44674 0053

 Maloney, Denis.
   LU3706 0067

 Mammography.
   MU9409 0095

 Management by objectives and performance appraisal.
   MP27455 0075

 Management Development and Training Division, Safeway Stores, Inc.
   SEE Safeway Stores, Inc. Management Development and Training
      Division.

 Managing safety yourself.
   MP27920 0088

 Maneater.
   LP44792 0056

 The Man from Button Willow.
   LP44668 0053

 The Man from Colorado.
   R610637 0100

 The Man from New Orleans.
   R620703 0110

 The Man from Painted Post.
   LP44905 0060

 Manhattan angel.
   R619768 0109

 The Man in the glass booth.
   LP44925 0060

 Manners in public.
   MP27427 0074

 Man of the East.
   LP44890 0059

 Man running.
   LP44571 0050

 A Man whose name was John.
   LP44614 0051

 The Man without a face.
   LP44971 0062

 Many hear—some listen.
   MP27708 0082

 Many unhappy returns: A Report on your taxes.
   MP27478 0076

 The Marcus-Nelson murders.
   LP44788 0056

 Marcus Welby, M.D.
   LP44610 0051
   LP44622 0052
   LP44623 0052
   LP44624 0052
   LP44625 0052
   LP44626 0052
   LP44627 0052
   LP44628 0052
   LP44629 0052
   LP44630 0052
   LP44631 0052
   LP44632 0052
   LP44633 0052
   LP44634 0052
   LP44635 0052
   LP44636 0052
   LP44637 0052
   LP44638 0052
   LP44639 0052
   LP44640 0052
   LP44641 0052
   LP44642 0052
   LP44643 0052
   LP44644 0052

 Margo.
   MP27763 0084

 Marian B., Inc.
   R614956 0104
   R618841 0108

 Marijuana in the 70’s.
   MP28068 0092

 Marked for murder.
   LP44842 0058

 Marker to a dead bookie.
   LP44829 0057

 Mark 7, Ltd.
   LP44549 0049
   LP44552 0050
   LP44553 0050
   LP44556 0050
   LP44557 0050
   LP44575 0050
   LP44576 0050
   LP44577 0050
   LP44578 0050
   LP44579 0050
   LP44580 0050
   LP44581 0050
   LP44582 0050
   LP44583 0050
   LP44584 0050
   LP44585 0051
   LP44586 0051
   LP44587 0051
   LP44795 0056
   LP44796 0057
   LP44809 0057
   LP44810 0057
   LP44811 0057
   LP44812 0057
   LP44844 0058
   LP44845 0056
   LP44846 0058
   LP44847 0058
   LP44848 0058
   LP44849 0058
   LP44850 0058
   LP44851 0058
   LP44852 0058
   LP44853 0058
   LP44854 0058
   LP44855 0058
   LP44856 0058
   LP44857 0058
   LP44896 0059
   LP44897 0059
   LP44936 0061
   LP44937 0061
   LP44940 0061
   LP44941 0061
   LP44972 0062
   LP44987 0062
   LP45115 0066

 Marguand, Richard.
   LP44964 0061
   LP44965 0061

 Marshall Maintenance.
   MP27211 0069

 Marshal of Amarillo.
   R609262 0098

 Marsh Lovrien Productions.
   SEE Lovrien (Marsh) Productions.

 Martin Block’s Musical merry-go-round.
   R608826 0097
   R609086 0098
   R613429 0103
   R613431 0103

 Marvels of creation.
   MP27483 0076

 Mary Jane grows up: Marijuana in the 70’s.
   MP28068 0092

 Mary Kate’s war.
   LP44770 0056

 Mason, Edward A.
   MP27178 0068
   MP27508 0077

 Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston. Surgical Day Care Unit.
   MP27178 0068

 The Master gunfighter.
   LP44928 0060

 Mastering job safety analysis.
   MP27917 0088

 Master Technicians Service Conference, session no. 75 Sept.
   MP27978 0089

 Master Technicians Service Conference, session no. 75–09.
   MP27434 0074

 Master Technicians Service Conference, session no. 75–10.
   MP27435 0074

 Master Technicians Service Conference, session no. 75–11.
   MP27571 0078

 Master Technicians Service Conference, session no. 75–12.
   MP27979 0089

 The Mastoids and inner ear.
   MP27450 0075

 Material World.
   LP45006 0063

 Mathematica, Inc.
   MP27710 0082

 Mathematica, Inc. Urban Opinion Surveys.
   MP27710 0082

 Mathematics for elementary school students: whole numbers, P04.
   MP27902 0087

 Mathematics for elementary school students: whole numbers, P06.
   MP27898 0087

 Mathematics for elementary school students: whole numbers, P07.
   MP27900 0087

 Mathematics for elementary school students: whole numbers, P08.
   MP27897 0087

 Mathematics for elementary school students: whole numbers, P09.
   MP27901 0087

 Mathematics for elementary school students: whole numbers, P10.
   MP27899 0087

 Mathematics for elementary school students, whole numbers, P12.
   MP28042 0091

 Mathieu, Julia Ridle.
   LP44676 0053
   LP44677 0053

 Matt Dillon must die.
   LP45124 0066

 A Matter of magic.
   LP44555 0050

 Maude.
   LP45098 0065
   LP45099 0065
   LP45100 0065
   LP45101 0065
   LP45102 0065
   LP45103 0065

 Maude’s mother.
   LP45103 0065

 Mawhinney, Art.
   LP44765 0056

 MCA-TV.
   LP44549 0049
   LP44552 0050
   LP44553 0050
   LP44556 0050
   LP44557 0050
   LP44560 0050
   LP44561 0050
   LP44562 0050
   LP44563 0050
   LP44564 0050
   LP44565 0050
   LP44566 0050
   LP44567 0050
   LP44568 0050
   LP44569 0050
   LP44570 0050
   LP44571 0050
   LP44572 0050
   LP44573 0050
   LP44574 0050
   LP44575 0050
   LP44576 0050
   LP44577 0050
   LP44578 0050
   LP44579 0050
   LP44580 0050
   LP44581 0050
   LP44582 0050
   LP44583 0050
   LP44584 0050
   LP44585 0051
   LP44586 0051
   LP44587 0051
   LP44601 0051
   LP44602 0051
   LP44603 0051
   LP44604 0051
   LP44605 0051
   LP44606 0051
   LP44607 0051
   LP44609 0051
   LP44610 0051
   LP44611 0051
   LP44612 0051
   LP44613 0051
   LP44614 0051
   LP44615 0051
   LP44616 0051
   LP44617 0051
   LP44618 0051
   LP44619 0051
   LP44620 0051
   LP44621 0051
   LP44622 0052
   LP44623 0052
   LP44624 0052
   LP44625 0052
   LP44626 0052
   LP44627 0052
   LP44628 0052
   LP44629 0052
   LP44630 0052
   LP44631 0052
   LP44632 0052
   LP44633 0052
   LP44634 0052
   LP44635 0052
   LP44636 0052
   LP44637 0052
   LP44638 0052
   LP44639 0052
   LP44640 0052
   LP44641 0052
   LP44642 0052
   LP44643 0052
   LP44644 0052
   LP44684 0053
   LP44685 0053
   LP44686 0053
   LP44687 0053
   LP44696 0054
   LP44697 0054
   LP44698 0054
   LP44699 0054
   LP44700 0054
   LP44701 0054
   LP44702 0054
   LP44703 0054
   LP44704 0054
   LP44705 0054
   LP44706 0054
   LP44707 0054
   LP44767 0056
   LP44787 0056
   LP44788 0056
   LP44789 0056
   LP44790 0056
   LP44806 0057
   LP44807 0057
   LP44808 0057
   LP44834 0057
   LP44835 0058
   LP44836 0058
   LP44837 0058
   LP44838 0058
   LP44839 0058
   LP44840 0058
   LP44841 0058
   LP44842 0058
   LP44843 0058
   LP44844 0058
   LP44845 0058
   LP44846 0058
   LP44847 0058
   LP44848 0058
   LP44849 0058
   LP44850 0058
   LP44851 0058
   LP44852 0058
   LP44853 0058
   LP44854 0058
   LP44855 0058
   LP44856 0058
   LP44857 0058
   LP44895 0059
   LP44934 0061
   LP44935 0061
   LP44938 0061
   LP44939 0061
   LP44942 0061
   LP44943 0061
   LP44944 0061
   LP44945 0061
   LP44946 0061
   LP44947 0061
   LP44966 0061
   LP44967 0061
   LP44968 0062
   LP44969 0062
   LP44970 0062
   LP44971 0062
   LP44972 0062
   LP44973 0062
   LP44974 0062
   LP44975 0062
   LP44976 0062
   LP44977 0062
   LP44978 0062
   LP44979 0062
   LP44980 0062
   LP44981 0062
   LP44982 0062
   LP44987 0062
   LP45139 0066

 McCloud.
   LP44982 0062
   LP44983 0062
   LP44984 0062
   LP44985 0062
   LP44986 0062

 McCormick, Susan.
   LU3706 0067

 McCoy—the big ripoff.
   LP44976 0062

 McDonald, Ross.
   LP44912 0060

 McGill (Snuffy) Studios.
   MP27711 0082

 McGraw-Hill Book Company.
   MP27188 0068
   MP27189 0068
   MP27191 0068
   MP27192 0068
   MP27193 0068
   MP27194 0068
   MP27215 0069
   MP27216 0069

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   MP27188 0068
   MP27191 0068
   MP27192 0068
   MP27193 0068
   MP27194 0068
   MP27215 0069
   MP27216 0069

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   MP27188 0068
   MP27189 0068
   MP27191 0068
   MP27192 0068
   MP27193 0068
   MP27194 0068
   MP27213 0069
   MP27214 0069
   MP27215 0069
   MP27216 0069
   MP28049 0091
   MP28050 0091
   MP28051 0091
   MP28052 0091
   MP28053 0091
   MP28054 0091
   MP28055 0091
   MP28056 0091
   MP28057 0091
   MP28058 0091

 McGraw-Hill, Inc. College and University Division.
   MP28049 0091
   MP28050 0091
   MP28051 0091
   MP28052 0091
   MP28053 0091
   MP28054 0091
   MP28055 0091
   MP28056 0091
   MP28057 0091
   MP28058 0091

 McGuire Pictures Corporation.
   MP27594 0079
   MP27595 0079
   MP27596 0079
   MP27597 0079
   MP27598 0079
   MP27599 0079
   MP27600 0079
   MP27601 0079
   MP27602 0079
   MP27603 0079
   MP27604 0079
   MP27605 0080
   MP27606 0080

 McMillan and wife.
   LP44558 0050
   LP44559 0050
   LP44560 0050
   LP44561 0050
   LP44562 0050
   LP44563 0050
   LP44564 0050
   LP44966 0061
   LP44967 0061
   LP44968 0062
   LP44969 0062
   LP44970 0062
   LP44971 0062

 Medex International.
   MP27758 0084
   MP27759 0084

 Medex International, Inc.
   LP44916 0060

 Media-Four Productions.
   MP27815 0085

 Medical center.
   LP44902 0060
   LP44903 0060
   LP44919 0060
   LP44920 0060
   LP44929 0060
   LP45071 0064
   LP45072 0064
   LP45105 0065
   LP45106 0065

 Medical malpractice: a critical examination, some sensible solutions.
   MP28125 0093

 Meet Eleanor Estes and Margaret McElderry.
   MP27451 0075

 Meet Emily Neville.
   MP27452 0075

 Meet John Rowe Townsend.
   MP27454 0075

 Meet Tana Hoban.
   MP27453 0075

 Meet the press.
   LP44599 0051

 Meier, Don.
   MP27803 0085
   MP27804 0085

 Meier (Don) Films, Inc.
   LP44663 0053

 Meiosis and mitosis.
   MP27244 0070

 Melanocyte-keratinocyte interaction in pigment transfer.
   MP27808 0085

 Melrose Public Schools (MA) Department of Parent-Pupil Services.
   MU9468 0096

 Men, women and motion.
   R609816 0099

 The Merger.
   LP44763 0056

 Messin’ around.
   LP44795 0056

 Methadone maintenance—a status report.
   MU9422 0095

 Methodology: the psychologist and the experiment.
   MP27500 0076

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
   R616959 0107

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   LP44546 0049
   LP44666 0053
   LP44902 0060
   LP44903 0060
   LP44919 0060
   LP44920 0060
   LP44921 0060
   LP44922 0060
   LP44929 0060
   LP44930 0060
   LP44931 0060
   LP44932 0060
   LP44933 0061
   LP44949 0061
   LP45069 0064
   LP45070 0064
   LP45071 0064
   LP45072 0064
   LP45105 0065
   LP45106 0065
   LP45107 0065
   LP45108 0065
   R608433 0097
   R608825 0097
   R608826 0097
   R609084 0098
   R609085 0098
   R609086 0098
   R609363 0098
   R609381 0098
   R610725 0100
   R610726 0100
   R610727 0100
   R611477 0101
   R611478 0101
   R612239 0102
   R612506 0102
   R613428 0103
   R613429 0103
   R613430 0103
   R613431 0103
   R614092 0104
   R615663 0106
   R616303 0106
   R616304 0106
   R616888 0106
   R618331 0107
   R618332 0107
   R618333 0107
   R618927 0108
   R618928 0108
   R618929 0108
   R621338 0110
   R621339 0110
   R621340 0110
   R621341 0110

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television.
   LP44902 0060
   LP44903 0060

 MFG Film.
   LF319 0049

 MG Animation, Inc.
   LP44670 0053
   LP44682 0053

 MGM TV.
   LP44919 0060
   LP44920 0060
   LP44921 0060
   LP44922 0060
   LP44929 0060
   LP44930 0060
   LP44931 0060
   LP44932 0060
   LP44949 0061
   LP45069 0064
   LP45070 0064
   LP45071 0064
   LP45072 0064
   LP45105 0065
   LP45106 0065
   LP45107 0065
   LP45108 0065

 MHC Films.
   MP27964 0089
   MP27965 0089
   MP27966 0089

 Mi barrio.
   LP44962 0061

 Michael O’Halloran.
   R616958 0106

 Mickey and the seal.
   R613354 0103

 Microscopic life.
   MP28177 0094

 Microwave ranges.
   MP28118 0093

 The Midas touch.
   LP45083 0065

 Mid-Century.
   LF317 0049

 Middle distances.
   R618355 0107

 Middle East.
   MP27754 0083

 Midland Center for the Arts (MI)
   MP27908 0087

 Midnight ambush.
   R611781 0102

 Mighty Mouse and the magician.
   R610421 0100

 Mighty timber.
   R613958 0104

 Mike and Gloria mix it up.
   LP44589 0051

 Miller, Paul.
   LP44671 0053

 A Million the hard way.
   LP44602 0051

 Mills (John) Productions (1957) Ltd.
   LF275 0048

 Milner-Fenwick, Inc.
   MP27910 0087

 Mind over mayhem.
   LP44615 0051

 Minimum Risk Banking.
   MP27197 0069

 Minnesota soap series.
   MP27781 0084

 Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc.
   LP44887 0059
   LP44892 0059
   LP44893 0059

 Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng.
   LP45073 0064
   LP45074 0064

 Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.
   SEE Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng.

 Mirisch Productions, Inc.
   LP44884 0059

 Missouri Pacific Railroad Company.
   MP27704 0082
   MP28184 0095

 Miss Robin Hood.
   LF271 0048

 Mister Peabody and the mermaid.
   R616960 0107

 Misunderstanding China.
   MP27157 0067

 Mitchell Brothers Film Group.
   LP45011 0063

 Mitosis and meiosis.
   MP27244 0070

 Mixing with motorcycles.
   MP27473 0076

 Model lesson A.
   MP27602 0079

 Model lesson B.
   MP27601 0079

 Mohl, Stephen.
   LU3698 0067

 Mojo.
   LP44805 0057

 Money to burn.
   LP44800 0057

 Money, what it’s worth.
   LP45146 0066

 Monogram Pictures Corporation.
   R609061 0098
   R609062 0098
   R609790 0099
   R610842 0100
   R610843 0100
   R610844 0101
   R610845 0101
   R610846 0101
   R610847 0101
   R610848 0101
   R610850 0101
   R610851 0101
   R610852 0101
   R610853 0101
   R610854 0101
   R610855 0101
   R610857 0101
   R610858 0101
   R610859 0101
   R610860 0101
   R615158 0104
   R615159 0104
   R615160 0104
   R615161 0104
   R615162 0104
   R615163 0104
   R615164 0104
   R615165 0104
   R615167 0104
   R615168 0104
   R615169 0104
   R615170 0104
   R616162 0106

 Monsarrat, Nicholas.
   LF266 0048

 Monte Carlo.
   MP27962 0089

 Monterey Productions.
   R615342 0105

 Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
   LP44784 0056

 Monza.
   MP27963 0089

 Moody Bible Institute.
   MP28035 0091

 Moody Institute of Science, Educational Film Division.
   SEE Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA. Educational Film
      Division.

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA.
   MP28035 0091
   MP28036 0091

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, CA. Educational Film Division.
   MP28036 0091

 Moore, Thomas.
   LP44990 0062

 Moore, Zelma Bramley-.
   SEE Bramley-Moore, Zelma.

 More on serves.
   MP27545 0078

 Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT.
   SEE Brigham Young University, Provo, UT. Motion Picture Department.

 Motorola.
   MP27625 0080
   MP27629 0080

 Motorola Teleprograms, Inc.
   MP27196 0068

 Motors Insurance Corporation.
   MP27443 0075
   MP28078 0092

 Mouse cleaning.
   R618928 0108

 Mouse wreckers.
   R608550 0097

 Movement.
   MU9414 0095

 The Movie Company, Pty. Ltd.
   LP45065 0064

 Movie of the week.
   LP45114 0066

 Movie of the weekend.
   LP44684 0053

 Movie stuntmen.
   MP27433 0074

 Movietone adventure.
   R610480 0100

 Mrs. Naugatuck in love.
   LP45099 0065

 MSCA awards.
   LP44765 0056

 Muchmore’s marvelous machine.
   MP27902 0087

 The Mugging.
   LP44626 0052

 Multi-Media Development Specialists Company.
   MP27230 0069

 Multi Media Resource Center.
   MP27760 0084
   MP27761 0084
   MP27762 0084
   MP27763 0084
   MP27764 0084
   MP27765 0084
   MP27766 0084
   MP27767 0084
   MP27768 0084
   MP27769 0084
   MP27770 0084
   MP27771 0084
   MP27772 0084
   MP27773 0084
   MP27774 0084
   MP27776 0084
   MP27777 0084
   MP27778 0084
   MP27779 0084
   MP27780 0084
   MP27783 0084

 Multi Media Resource Center for the Genesis Church and Ecumenical
    Center.
   SEE Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center, San Francisco. Multi Media
      Resource Center.

 Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex and Drug Forum.
   SEE National Sex and Drug Forum. Multi Media Resource Center.

 Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex Forum.
   SEE National Sex Forum. Multi Media Resource Center.

 Mummy’s dummies.
   R619762 0109

 Murder mania.
   MP27686 0082

 Murder of mercy.
   LP44918 0060

 Murphy (Owen) Productions.
   MP27903 0087

 Murray Oliver, power skating.
   MP27607 0080
   MP27608 0080

 Museum of African Art, Washington, DC.
   MP28185 0095

 Musical Arts Association, Cleveland.
   MU9471 0097

 Musical merry-go-round.
   R608826 0097
   R609086 0098
   R613429 0103
   R613431 0103

 Musical syntax.
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 Music City Films.
   MU9412 0095

 The Music man.
   R615167 0104

 Mustang!
   LP44680 0053
   LP44681 0053

 Mutual of Omaha.
   MP27803 0085
   MP27804 0085
   MP28021 0090

 Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom.
   MP27803 0085
   MP27804 0085
   MP28021 0090

 Mutual recall.
   MP27955 0089
   MP27956 0089
   MP27957 0089
   MP27958 0089
   MP27972 0089
   MP27973 0089
   MP27975 0089

 My bunny lies over sea.
   R620706 0110

 My bunny lies over the sea.
   R620706 0110

 My darling daughters’ anniversary.
   LP44934 0061

 Myers, Richard.
   LP44774 0056
   LP44775 0056
   LP44776 0056

 My girl, Henrietta.
   LP45104 0065

 Mystery in Mexico.
   R609093 0098

 .sp 2
 The Naked truth.
   LF292 0048

 Nashville.
   LP44713 0054

 National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
   MP27477 0076
   MP27478 0076
   MP27628 0080
   MP28068 0092
   MP28129 0093
   MP28130 0093
   MP28131 0093
   MP28132 0093
   MP28133 0093
   MP28134 0093
   R610335 0100

 National Committee for Emergency Coronary Care.
   MP28018 0090

 National Dairy Council.
   MP27968 0089

 National Film Trustee Company, Ltd.
   LP44784 0056

 National Fire Protection Association.
   MP28039 0091
   MP28040 0091

 National Fire Protection Association. Public Affairs Division.
   MP28040 0091

 The National Foundation.
   MP27912 0087

 National Geographic Society.
   LP44768 0056
   LP44769 0056
   LP44770 0056
   LP44771 0056
   LP44772 0056
   LP44773 0056
   LP45012 0063
   LP45013 0063
   LP45147 0066
   LP45148 0066
   LP45149 0066
   LP45150 0067

 The National Sex and Drug Forum.
   MP27762 0084
   MP27779 0084
   MP27780 0084
   MP27784 0084
   MP27785 0084
   MP27786 0084
   MP27787 0084
   MP27789 0084

 National Sex and Drug Forum. Multi Media Resource Center.
   MP27784 0084
   MP27785 0084
   MP27786 0084
   MP27787 0084
   MP27788 0084
   MP27789 0084
   MP28016 0090

 National Sex Forum.
   MP27761 0084
   MP27763 0084
   MP27764 0084
   MP27765 0084
   MP27766 0084
   MP27767 0084
   MP27768 0084
   MP27769 0084
   MP27770 0084
   MP27771 0084
   MP27772 0084
   MP27773 0084
   MP27774 0064
   MP27776 0084
   MP27777 0084
   MP27778 0084
   MP27781 0084
   MP27782 0084
   MP27784 0084
   MP27785 0084
   MP27786 0084
   MP27787 0084
   MP27788 0084
   MP27789 0084
   MP28015 0090
   MP28016 0090
   MP28017 0090

 National Sex Forum.
   SEE The National Sex and Drug Forum.

 National Sex Forum. Multi Media Resource Center.
   MP27782 0084
   MP28015 0090
   MP28017 0090

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   R616951 0106
   R616952 0106
   R616953 0106
   R616954 0106
   R616955 0106
   R616956 0106
   R616957 0106
   R616958 0106
   R616959 0107
   R616960 0107
   R616961 0107
   R616962 0107

 Natural color—very dark brown.
   MP27562 0078

 Naughton, Bill.
   LP44989 0062

 The Navajo Indian.
   MP28047 0091

 Navy crew champions.
   R611797 0102

 NBC News.
   MP27477 0076
   MP27478 0076
   MP27628 0080

 Near the big chakra.
   MP27783 0084

 Needles and pins, no. 9.
   LP44766 0056

 Nelson, Karen.
   LP44765 0056

 Neptune’s playground.
   R618949 0108

 The Nerve impulse: generation and propagation of the action potential.
   MP28136 0093

 Nery, Jean.
   LP297 0049

 A New common-wealth together: a history of the town of Bedford,
    Massachusetts.
   MU9441 0096

 The New England Whalers Hockey Club.
   MP27702 0082
   MP27703 0082

 The New Film Company, Inc.
   MP28040 0091

 New Media Enterprises, Inc.
   MP27594 0079
   MP27595 0079
   MP27596 0079
   MP27597 0079
   MP27598 0079
   MP27599 0079
   MP27600 0079
   MP27601 0079
   MP27602 0079
   MP27603 0079
   MP27604 0079
   MP27605 0080
   MP27606 0080

 New principal.
   MP27511 0077

 New pulse of life.
   MP27253 0070

 News of the day.
   R609280 0098
   R609281 0098
   R609282 0098
   R609283 0098
   R609284 0098
   R609285 0098
   R609286 0098
   R609287 0098
   R609288 0098
   R611112 0101
   R611113 0101
   R611114 0101
   R611115 0101
   R611116 0101
   R611117 0101
   R611118 0101
   R611119 0101
   R611120 0101
   R613547 0103
   R613548 0103
   R613549 0103
   R613550 0103
   R613551 0103
   R613552 0103
   R613553 0103
   R613554 0103
   R615860 0106
   R615861 0106
   R615862 0106
   R615863 0106
   R615864 0106
   R615865 0106
   R615866 0106
   R615867 0106
   R615868 0106
   R617148 0107
   R617149 0107
   R617150 0107
   R617151 0107
   R617152 0107
   R617153 0107
   R617154 0107
   R617155 0107
   R617156 0107
   R619949 0109
   R619950 0109
   R619951 0109
   R619952 0109
   R619953 0109
   R619954 0109
   R619955 0109
   R619956 0109

 News parade of 1947.
   R608529 0097

 News parade of 1948.
   R620693 0110

 A New standard in V-belts.
   MU9482 0097

 New York, New York.
   MP27154 0067

 New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts.
   MP27461 0075
   MP27462 0075
   MP27463 0075
   MP27464 0075
   MP27530 0077
   MP27531 0077
   MP27532 0077

 New York spotlight.
   MU9484 0097

 Nguyen.
   LP44641 0052

 A Night at the show.
   LP44866 0058

 Night crawler.
   LP44612 0051

 The Night has a thousand eyes.
   R616930 0106

 Night life in Chicago.
   R618929 0108

 Nightmare rally.
   LP44899 0060
   LP44900 0060
   LP44901 0060

 Night moves.
   LP44708 0054

 The Night my number came up.
   LF263 0048

 Night of the wizard.
   LP44564 0050

 Night scene.
   MP27497 0076

 Nightwalker.
   LP44671 0053

 Night wind.
   R613497 0103

 N is for nightmare.
   LP44700 0054

 Nixon on Nixon.
   MP27526 0077

 Nixon: The Next four years—the correspondents report.
   MP27171 0068

 No charity for the McAllisters.
   LP44622 0052

 No hearts, no flowers.
   LP44561 0050

 No hiding place.
   LP44919 0060

 No holds barred.
   R611786 0102

 No Indians, please.
   R618378 0108

 Nomads of the jungle: Malaya.
   R618370 0108

 No minor vices.
   R616959 0107

 No, my darling daughter.
   LF293 0048

 North, Rex.
   LF276 0048

 Northeast division.
   LP44582 0050

 North Hollywood division.
   LP44556 0050

 Northwestern University, Evanston, IL.
   MP27238 0070
   MP27239 0070

 Northwest stampede.
   R616954 0106

 Norton lectures, 1973: The Unanswered question.
   MP27227 0069
   MP27228 0069
   MP27241 0070
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 Norway Corporation.
   LP44608 0051
   LP44715 0054
   LP44716 0054
   LP44718 0054
   LP44719 0054
   LP44723 0054
   LP44724 0054
   LP44725 0055
   LP44726 0055
   LP44727 0055
   LP44728 0055
   LP44729 0055
   LP44730 0055
   LP44731 0055
   LP44732 0055
   LP44733 0055
   LP44734 0055

 No sign of the cross.
   LP44605 0051

 No stone unturned.
   LP44944 0061

 The Not-so-ugly duckling.
   LP44752 0055

 Not together now: end of a marriage.
   MP27458 0075

 Not worth a continental.
   LP44773 0056

 Now you see me, now you don’t.
   LP44947 0061

 NRW Productions.
   LP44597 0051
   LP44598 0051
   LP44599 0051

 Nuts to you.
   MP27901 0087

 Nytilax—night/day.
   MP28119 0093

 .sp 2
 O’Berry, Sid.
   MU9412 0095

 Ob/Gyn health series.
   MP27910 0087

 Observation and awareness.
   MP27559 0078

 Observations and awareness.
   MP27559 0078

 Obsession.
   LP44718 0054

 Obstructive series.
   MP27183 0068

 Odor of the day.
   R621497 0111

 Odradek Productions.
   LP44542 0049

 Officer down, code 3.
   MP27629 0080

 Off the air.
   R611801 0102

 Ohio Arts Council.
   MP27737 0083

 Ohio State University, Columbus. School of Home Economics.
   MP28079 0092
   MP28080 0092
   MP28081 0092

 The oil shortage—what’s going on?
   MP27515 0077

 Oklahoma blues.
   R610846 0101

 The Old engine.
   LP44852 0058

 Old rockin’ chair Tom.
   R613428 0103

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.

 Oliver Twist.
   R616596 0106

 Olympia.
   LU3702 0067
   LU3703 0067

 Olympic cavalcade.
   R615344 0105

 Olympic water wizards.
   R619331 0108

 Omega Films, a division of Omega Services, Inc.
   SEE Omega Services, Inc. Omega Films.

 The Omega glory.
   LP44725 0055

 Omega Services, Inc. Omega Films.
   MP27700 0082

 Once a lion.
   LP44697 0054

 One A.M.
   LP44858 0058

 One for the morgue.
   LP44820 0057

 One of our dinosaurs is missing.
   LP44911 0060

 One of our own.
   LP44977 0062

 One on one.
   MP27768 0084

 One species among many.
   MP28123 0093

 On-line.
   MP27914 0088

 The Only way out.
   LP44804 0057

 On the Barrier Reef.
   MP27632 0080

 On the end time.
   MP27481 0076

 On the move.
   MP27229 0069

 On the road with Charles Kuralt.
   MP27160 0067

 Open contract.
   LP44921 0060

 Open heart surgery.
   LP45017 0063

 Operating and financial leverage.
   MP27793 0085

 Optimus Productions, Ltd.
   LP44891 0059

 Organization and responsibilities.
   MP27552 0078

 Organizing independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15.
   MP27600 0079
   MP27601 0079
   MP27602 0079
   MP27603 0079
   MP27604 0079
   MP27605 0080
   MP27606 0080

 Orientation conference.
   MP28079 0092

 Orop Felt Lake, March 1, 1975.
   MU9450 0096

 The Orphan and the dude.
   LP44666 0053

 Ortho Diagnostics, Inc. Educational Services Division.
   MP27977 0089

 Oscar and the ham.
   MP27536 0077

 Other people at school.
   LP44957 0061

 Our drug oriented society.
   MU9427 0096

 Our son, the man.
   LP44738 0055

 Out of control.
   LP44628 0052

 Out of this world series.
   R611794 0102

 Outrage in Balinderry.
   LP45081 0065

 Overfed and undernourished.
   MP27685 0082

 Overland trails.
   R610844 0101

 The Over the hill gag.
   LP45109 0065

 Owen Marshall, counselor at law.
   LP44685 0053
   LP44686 0053
   LP44687 0053
   LP44688 0053
   LP44689 0053
   LP44690 0053
   LP44691 0053
   LP44692 0054
   LP44693 0054
   LP44694 0054
   LP44695 0054
   LP44696 0054
   LP44697 0054
   LP44698 0054
   LP44699 0054
   LP44700 0054
   LP44701 0054
   LP44702 0054
   LP44703 0054
   LP44704 0054
   LP44705 0054
   LP44706 0054
   LP44707 0054
   LP44789 0056

 Oysters and muscles.
   R618377 0108

 .sp 2
 Pacific challenge.
   MP27225 0069

 Page, Thomas.
   LP44712 0054

 A Pair of briefs.
   LF306 0049

 Pajon Arts.
   LP44667 0053

 Pajon Arts, Ltd.
   LP45117 0066

 Pakistan.
   MP27216 0069

 Pala Graphics, Ltd.
   SEE Herriott (Ted) Associates.

 The Pal-Mir escort.
   LP45085 0065

 Panhandle.
   R612623 0102

 The Panic path.
   LP44631 0052

 Parade.
   MU9452 0096

 Paramount.
   LF274 0048

 Paramount news.
   R620478 0110
   R620479 0110
   R620480 0110
   R620481 0110
   R620482 0110
   R620483 0110
   R620484 0110
   R620485 0110
   R620486 0110
   R620487 0110
   R621201 0110
   R621202 0110
   R621203 0110
   R621204 0110
   R621205 0110
   R621206 0110
   R621207 0110
   R621208 0110
   R621209 0110
   R621210 0110
   R621211 0110
   R621212 0110
   R621213 0110
   R621214 0110
   R621215 0110

 Paramount news, number 077.
   R613271 0102

 Paramount news, number 078.
   R613273 0103

 Paramount news, number 079.
   R613274 0103

 Paramount news, number 080.
   R613275 0103

 Paramount news, number 083.
   R608334 0097

 Paramount news, number 084.
   R608335 0097

 Paramount news, number 085.
   R608336 0097

 Paramount news, number 086.
   R609039 0097

 Paramount news, number 087.
   R609040 0097

 Paramount news, number 088.
   R609041 0097

 Paramount news, number 089.
   R609042 0097

 Paramount news, number 090.
   R609043 0098

 Paramount news, number 091.
   R610881 0101

 Paramount news, number 092.
   R610882 0101

 Paramount news, number 093.
   R610883 0101

 Paramount news, number 094.
   R610884 0101

 Paramount news, number 095.
   R610885 0101

 Paramount news, number 096.
   R610886 0101

 Paramount news, number 097.
   R610887 0101

 Paramount news, number 098.
   R612159 0102

 Paramount news, number 099.
   R612160 0102

 Paramount news, number 100.
   R612161 0102

 Paramount Pictures Corporation.
   LP44543 0049
   LP44588 0051
   LP44608 0051
   LP44645 0052
   LP44646 0052
   LP44647 0052
   LP44648 0052
   LP44649 0052
   LP44650 0052
   LP44651 0052
   LP44652 0052
   LP44653 0052
   LP44654 0052
   LP44655 0052
   LP44656 0053
   LP44657 0053
   LP44658 0053
   LP44659 0053
   LP44660 0053
   LP44661 0053
   LP44712 0054
   LP44713 0054
   LP44715 0054
   LP44716 0054
   LP44717 0054
   LP44718 0054
   LP44719 0054
   LP44720 0054
   LP44721 0054
   LP44722 0054
   LP44723 0054
   LP44724 0054
   LP44725 0055
   LP44726 0055
   LP44727 0055
   LP44728 0055
   LP44729 0055
   LP44730 0055
   LP44731 0055
   LP44732 0055
   LP44733 0055
   LP44734 0055
   LP44735 0055
   LP44736 0055
   LP44737 0055
   LP44738 0055
   LP44739 0055
   LP44740 0055
   LP44741 0055
   LP44742 0055
   LP44743 0055
   LP44744 0055
   LP44745 0055
   LP44746 0055
   LP44747 0055
   LP44748 0055
   LP44749 0055
   LP44750 0055
   LP44751 0055
   LP44752 0055
   LP44753 0055
   LP44754 0055
   LP44755 0055
   R608333 0097

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   R608333 0097
   R608334 0097
   R608335 0097
   R608336 0097
   R609039 0097
   R609040 0097
   R609041 0097
   R609042 0097
   R609043 0098
   R609168 0098
   R610881 0101
   R610882 0101
   R610883 0101
   R610884 0101
   R610885 0101
   R610886 0101
   R610887 0101
   R611662 0101
   R612159 0102
   R612160 0102
   R612161 0102
   R613271 0102
   R613273 0103
   R613274 0103
   R613275 0103
   R614184 0104
   R615343 0105
   R615539 0105
   R615540 0105
   R615541 0105
   R615542 0105
   R615543 0105
   R615544 0105
   R615545 0105
   R615546 0105
   R616930 0106
   R616938 0106
   R619707 0108
   R620478 0110
   R620479 0110
   R620480 0110
   R620481 0110
   R620482 0110
   R620483 0110
   R620484 0110
   R620485 0110
   R620486 0110
   R620487 0110
   R621201 0110
   R621202 0110
   R621203 0110
   R621204 0110
   R621205 0110
   R621206 0110
   R621207 0110
   R621208 0110
   R621209 0110
   R621210 0110
   R621211 0110
   R621212 0110
   R621213 0110
   R621214 0110
   R621215 0110

 Paramount Television.
   LP44645 0052
   LP44646 0052
   LP44647 0052
   LP44648 0052
   LP44649 0052
   LP44650 0052
   LP44651 0052
   LP44652 0052
   LP44653 0052
   LP44654 0052
   LP44655 0052
   LP44656 0053
   LP44657 0053
   LP44658 0053
   LP44659 0053
   LP44660 0053
   LP44661 0053
   LP44717 0054

 Pardon my lambchop.
   R611787 0102

 Paris on the Plata.
   R613964 0104

 Parlor, bedroom and wrath.
   R620072 0109

 Parroch Films, Ltd.
   LF286 0048

 Participation concert.
   MP27530 0077

 Partners of the sunset.
   R610854 0101

 The Party shop.
   LP44683 0053

 Paskiewicz, Fred.
   LU3697 0067

 The Passenger.
   LP44546 0049

 Pass it on.
   MP27907 0087

 Patas Monkey: ecology and behavior.
   MP27190 0068

 Pathe Industries, Inc.
   R609171 0098
   R616951 0106
   R616954 0106
   R616956 0106
   R616957 0106

 Patient counseling—obstetrics and gynecology.
   MP27910 0087

 Patinage de force.
   MP27607 0080
   MP27608 0080

 Patio lady.
   MP28120 0093

 Patterns of three’s.
   MP27462 0075

 Paul Henderson, left wing, part 1: skating.
   MP27618 0080

 Paul Henderson, left wing, part 2: play.
   MP27617 0080

 Pauly, Deborah.
   MU9413 0095

 The Pawnshop.
   LP44862 0058

 P.C.E.F.
   LP44953 0061

 PEA Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.
   LP44890 0059

 Pearlizing (a naturalizing effect)
   MP27507 0077

 The Pedestrian.
   LF319 0049

 Pedestrian gate operations.
   MP27558 0078

 The Pediatric chest.
   MP27470 0075

 Peeper.
   LP45096 0065

 The Peeping blonde.
   LP45091 0065

 Pele: the master and his method.
   MP27447 0075

 Penington Eady Productions, Ltd.
   LF285 0048

 Penthouse Productions, Ltd.
   LP44904 0060

 The People versus Job Shattuck.
   LP45147 0066

 People with purpose.
   MP27906 0087

 PepsiCo, Inc.
   MP27447 0075

 Pepsi-Cola.
   SEE PepsiCo, Inc.

 Perception Film Productions, division of American Salesmasters, Inc.
   SEE American Salesmasters, Inc. Perception Film Productions.

 Perilous waters.
   R609062 0098

 Perimeter control and inspection.
   MP27554 0078

 Pete ‘n’ Tillie.
   LP45142 0066

 Peter, Lawrence J.
   LP44762 0056

 The Peter principle.
   LP44762 0056

 The Peter principle: why things always go wrong.
   LP44762 0056

 The Peter principle: why things go wrong.
   LP44762 0056

 Peter rises again.
   LP44917 0060

 Petok, Ted.
   LP45015 0063

 Pfizer, Inc.
   MP28069 0092
   MP28119 0093
   MP28120 0093
   MP28121 0093
   MP28137 0093

 Pheasant hunt.
   MP27222 0069

 Phelps, Charles S.
   MU9469 0097

 Phil Esposito, centre ice.
   MP27612 0080
   MP27613 0080

 Philosophy and schooling.
   MP27547 0078
   MP27548 0078
   MP27549 0078
   MP27550 0078
   MP27551 0078

 Phoenix Films.
   MP27695 0082

 Piano versus orchestra.
   MP27461 0075

 P.I.C.
   LP44953 0061

 Pickled puss.
   R619756 0109

 Picnic.
   MP27697 0082

 Pierce (Charles B.) Film Productions, Inc.
   LP45010 0063

 The Pigs versus the Freaks.
   MP27493 0076

 Pilipino Development Associates, Inc.
   MP27230 0069

 The Pilipino immigrants.
   MP27230 0069

 Pilot error.
   LP45086 0065

 Pimlico Films, Ltd.
   LP44885 0059

 A Pinch in time.
   R619766 0109

 Pink Panther.
   LP45073 0064
   LP45074 0064

 Pink streaker.
   LP45074 0064

 Pinnacle Productions, Ltd.
   LF282 0048

 Pinocytosis.
   MP28041 0091

 The Pioneers.
   LP45089 0065

 Pipe welding: direct application technique.
   MU9457 0096

 Pistole.
   LP44927 0060

 Pitfall.
   R616953 0106

 Pixie picnic.
   R613648 0103

 Planet Four Communications Group, Ltd.
   MP27261 0070

 Plant security development program, unit 01.
   MP27552 0078
   MP27553 0078

 Plant security development program, unit 03.
   MP27554 0078

 Plant security development program, unit 04.
   MP27555 0078

 Plant security development program, unit 05.
   MP27556 0078

 Plant security development program, unit 06.
   MP27557 0078

 Plant security development program, unit 07.
   MP27558 0078

 Plant security development program, unit 08.
   MP27559 0078

 Plant security development program, unit 16.
   MP28097 0092

 Plant security development program, unit 17.
   MP28095 0092

 Plant security development program, unit 18.
   MP28096 0092

 Plant security development program, unit 19.
   MP28098 0092

 Plant security development program, unit 20.
   MP28099 0092

 Plant security development program, unit 21.
   MP28100 0092

 Plague and prevention.
   MP27742 0083

 Plato’s stepchildren.
   LP44728 0055

 The Playful pandas.
   MP27166 0068

 Playful pelican.
   R616384 0106

 Playing with fire.
   MP28040 0091

 Plomo o amor.
   LP44756 0055

 The Poetry of earth.
   MP27228 0069

 Pole vault.
   R608530 0097

 Police.
   LP44868 0059

 Police: the human dimension, no. 05.
   MP28064 0091

 Police: the human dimension, no. 06.
   MP28063 0091

 Police: the human dimension, no. 07.
   MP28062 0091

 Police: the human dimension, no. 08.
   MP28065 0091

 Police training film.
   MP27625 0080
   MP27629 0080

 A Political cartoon.
   LP44542 0049

 Politics and oil.
   MP27517 0077

 Pollution of the upper and lower atmosphere.
   MP27431 0074

 Polymorph Films.
   MP27458 0075

 Polymorph Films, Inc.
   MP27456 0075
   MP27457 0075

 Polyscope.
   LP45019 0063
   LP45020 0063
   LP45021 0063
   LP45022 0063
   LP45023 0063
   LP45024 0063
   LP45025 0063
   LP45026 0063
   LP45027 0063
   LP45028 0063
   LP45029 0063
   LP45030 0063
   LP45031 0063
   LP45032 0063
   LP45033 0063
   LP45034 0063
   LP45035 0063
   LP45036 0063
   LP45037 0063
   LP45038 0063
   LP45039 0063
   LP45040 0063
   LP45041 0064
   LP45042 0064
   LP45043 0064
   LP45044 0064
   LP45045 0064
   LP45046 0064
   LP45047 0064
   LP45048 0064
   LP45049 0064
   LP45050 0064
   LP45051 0064
   LP45052 0064
   LP45053 0064
   LP45054 0064
   LP45055 0064
   LP45056 0064
   LP45057 0064
   LP45058 0064
   LP45059 0064
   LP45060 0064
   LP45061 0064
   LP45062 0064
   LP45063 0064

 Polytel.
   LP45019 0063
   LP45020 0063
   LP45021 0063
   LP45022 0063
   LP45023 0063
   LP45024 0063
   LP45025 0063
   LP45026 0063
   LP45027 0063
   LP45028 0063
   LP45029 0063
   LP45030 0063
   LP45031 0063
   LP45032 0063
   LP45033 0063
   LP45034 0063
   LP45035 0063
   LP45036 0063
   LP45037 0063
   LP45038 0063
   LP45039 0063
   LP45040 0063
   LP45041 0064
   LP45042 0064
   LP45043 0064
   LP45044 0064
   LP45045 0064
   LP45046 0064
   LP45047 0064
   LP45048 0064
   LP45049 0064
   LP45050 0064
   LP45051 0064
   LP45052 0064
   LP45053 0064
   LP45054 0064
   LP45055 0064
   LP45056 0064
   LP45057 0064
   LP45058 0064
   LP45059 0064
   LP45060 0064
   LP45061 0064
   LP45062 0064
   LP45063 0064

 Pomeroy, Pete.
   LP44674 0053

 Pompeiiana, Inc.
   MP27757 0084

 Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Pontiac Motor Division.

 The Pool house.
   LP44698 0054

 Poor children of Eve.
   LP44702 0054

 Popeye meets Hercules.
   R609168 0098

 Porky chops.
   R608549 0097

 Portland campaign: On the end time.
   MP27481 0076

 Portrait: A Man whose name was John.
   LP44614 0051

 A Portrait of the West.
   R611939 0102

 Portrait: The Woman I love.
   LP44613 0051

 Positions and stick control with Gump Worsley.
   MP27609 0080

 Posse.
   LP44543 0049

 Possibilities.
   MP27777 0084

 The Possible dream.
   LP44648 0052

 Post-coronary care.
   MP27233 0069

 Poultry—laying it on the line.
   MP27184 0068

 Powder River gunfire.
   R609812 0099

 Powell, Michael.
   LF318 0049

 Powers (Scott) Productions, Inc.
   MU9484 0097

 Power skating with Paul Henderson.
   MP27618 0080

 Prayer, does anyone listen?
   MP27479 0076

 Pregnancy imaging.
   MP27449 0075

 Prelude to revolution.
   MP27814 0085

 Premier Film and Recording Corporation.
   MU9394 0095

 Preparing for OSHA inspections.
   MP27919 0088

 Preparing the system for servicing.
   MP27189 0068

 Presenting and demonstrating Sportsman.
   MP27713 0082

 Presenting in the center ring, murder.
   LP44999 0062

 President and Fellows of Harvard College.
   SEE Harvard University. President and Fellows of Harvard College.

 Presidential summit.
   MP27514 0077

 Pressburger, Emeric.
   LF318 0049

 The Price of a child.
   LP45072 0064

 Primate.
   MP27151 0067

 Primate Films, Inc.
   MP27151 0067

 Prime T.V. Films.
   LP44858 0058
   LP44859 0058
   LP44860 0058
   LP44861 0058
   LP44862 0058
   LP44863 0058
   LP44864 0058
   LP44865 0058
   LP44866 0058
   LP44867 0059
   LP44868 0059
   LP44869 0059
   LP44870 0059
   LP44871 0059
   LP44872 0059
   LP44873 0059
   LP44874 0059
   LP44875 0059
   LP44876 0059
   LP44877 0059
   LP44878 0059
   LP44879 0059
   LP44880 0059
   LP44881 0059
   LP44882 0059
   LP44883 0059

 The Principal’s advisory committee.
   MP27550 0078

 Principles of fire.
   MP27555 0078

 Principles of flying.
   MP27208 0069

 The Principles of genetics.
   MP28032 0090
   MP28033 0091
   MP28034 0091

 Principles of radioimmunoassay: 1.
   MP27566 0078

 Principles of radioimmunoassay: 2.
   MP27567 0078

 Probation Department, San Diego County, CA.
   SEE San Diego County, CA. Probation Department.

 Les Productions Artistes Associes, S.A.
   LP44890 0059

 Productivity, the effective use of resources.
   MP27905 0087

 Professional education series.
   MP27152 0067
   MP27564 0078
   MP27565 0078
   MP27566 0078
   MP27567 0078
   MP27568 0078
   MP27739 0083
   MP27977 0089

 Professional Research, Inc.
   MP27209 0069
   MP27210 0069
   MP27233 0069
   MP27234 0069
   MP27235 0070
   MP27236 0070
   MP27460 0075
   MP27467 0075
   MP27742 0083

 Professor Tom.
   R616303 0106

 Profile of a winner.
   MU9396 0095

 Profiles in literature.
   MP27451 0075
   MP27452 0075
   MP27453 0075
   MP27454 0075

 Project Bilingual.
   LP44956 0061
   LP44957 0061
   LP44958 0061
   LP44959 0061
   LP44960 0061
   LP44961 0061
   LP44962 0061

 Project phoenix.
   LP44606 0051

 The Project team concept, an approach to problems of productivity.
   MU9466 0096

 Promise.
   LP44846 0058

 The Promotion.
   LP44854 0058

 Propinquity.
   LP44896 0059

 Prospects in bunches.
   MP27572 0078

 The Proud bird from Shanghai.
   LP44675 0053

 The Prowler.
   LP44706 0054

 El Proyecto de Educacion de Salud.
   SEE College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark. Health
      Education Project.

 El Proyecto de Educacion de Salud, Colegio de Medicina y Dentisteria de
    Nueva Jersey.
   SEE College of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, Newark. Health
      Education Project.

 Pryor, Arthur.
   MU9487 0097

 Psychology today.
   MP27500 0076

 Public Affairs Division, National Fire Protection Association.
   SEE National Fire Protection Association. Public Affairs Division.

 Public Arts.
   LP44980 0062
   LP44981 0062

 Public Arts, Inc.
   LP44791 0056

 Publish or perish.
   LP44611 0051

 The Puritan experience: Forsaking England.
   LP44965 0061

 The Puritan experience: Making a new world.
   LP44964 0061

 Pyramid Films Corporation.
   MP27253 0070
   MP27254 0070
   MP27255 0070
   MP27256 0070
   MP27257 0070
   MP27258 0070
   MP27259 0070
   MP27260 0070

 Pyramid Films, Inc.
   MP27260 0070

 Python (Monty) Pictures, Ltd.
   LP44784 0056

 Python Pictures, Ltd.
   LP44784 0056

 .sp 2
 QM Productions.
   LP44662 0053
   LP44757 0055
   LP44758 0055
   LP44759 0056
   LP44918 0060

 Quail.
   MP27220 0069

 A Question of fault.
   LP44636 0052

 A Question of values.
   MP27549 0078

 Quick on the trigger.
   R619764 0109

 .sp 2
 Raab, Selwyn.
   LP45113 0066

 Rabbit, run.
   LP44952 0061

 Race with the Devil.
   LP45097 0065

 Racing luck.
   R619759 0109

 Radiologic technology program.
   MP27179 0068
   MP27180 0068
   MP27181 0068
   MP27182 0068
   MP27183 0068
   MP27449 0075
   MP27450 0075
   MP27470 0075
   MP27471 0075
   MU9409 0095

 Radio romeo.
   R611779 0102

 Rafaelli.
   MP27796 0085
   MP27797 0085
   MP27798 0085
   MP27799 0085
   MP27800 0085
   MP27801 0085
   MP27802 0085

 Raffaelli.
   MP27796 0085
   MP27802 0085

 Railroad car security.
   MP28096 0092

 Rainbow Adventure Film.
   LP45144 0066

 Rainbow Pictures Corporation.
   LP44710 0054
   MP28061 0091

 Rainbow Productions, Inc.
   R616955 0106

 Rampart division.
   LP44587 0051

 Ramsey (Hec) Productions.
   LP44936 0061
   LP44937 0061
   LP44940 0061
   LP44941 0061

 Rancho deluxe.
   LP44889 0059

 Range renegades.
   R610857 0101

 The Rangers.
   LP44972 0062

 The Rangers Productions.
   LP44972 0062

 The Rangers ride.
   R615164 0104

 Rank (J. Arthur) Film Distribution, Ltd.
   LF291 0048

 Rank (J. Arthur) Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF269 0048
   LF272 0048
   LF282 0048
   LF283 0048
   LF286 0048
   LF294 0048
   LF296 0049
   LF298 0049
   LF303 0049
   LF304 0049
   LF311 0049
   LF318 0049
   MP27631 0080

 Rank (J. Arthur) Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF299 0049
   LF301 0049

 Rank (J. Arthur) Organisation.
   LF266 0048
   LF273 0048
   LF280 0048
   MP27632 0080

 Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF276 0048
   LF281 0048
   LF284 0048
   LF285 0048
   LF292 0048
   LF295 0048
   LF297 0049
   LF300 0049
   LF302 0049
   LF305 0049
   LF307 0049
   LF308 0049
   LF309 0049
   LF310 0049
   LF312 0049
   LF316 0049
   R610986 0101
   R610987 0101
   R610988 0101
   R616595 0106
   R616596 0106
   R616597 0106
   R616598 0106
   R621638 0111
   R621639 0111

 Rank Organisation.
   LF272 0048
   LF275 0048
   LF287 0048

 The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF291 0048
   LF292 0048
   LF293 0048
   LF294 0048
   LF295 0048
   LF296 0049
   LF297 0049
   LF298 0049
   LF299 0049
   LF300 0049
   LF301 0049
   LF302 0049
   LF303 0049
   LF304 0049
   LF305 0049
   LF306 0049
   LF307 0049
   LF308 0049
   LF309 0049
   LF310 0049
   LF311 0049
   LF312 0049
   LF313 0049
   LF314 0049
   LF315 0049
   LF316 0049
   LF318 0049

 The Rattled rooster.
   R614188 0104

 Rayant Pictures, Ltd.
   MP27699 0082

 R. B. Productions, Ltd.
   LP44614 0051

 Reach for the sky.
   LF282 0048

 Read, Jan.
   LF285 0048

 Reading maps.
   MP27172 0068

 Reading Study Center, University of Delaware.
   SEE University of Delaware, Newark. Reading Study Center.

 Rebuilding damaged sections.
   MP27214 0069

 Red Ingle and his Natural Seven.
   R613955 0104

 Red River.
   R615342 0105

 The Red shoes.
   R616595 0106

 Redwood Productions, Inc.
   LP44645 0052
   LP44646 0052
   LP44647 0052
   LP44648 0052
   LP44649 0052
   LP44650 0052
   LP44651 0052
   LP44652 0052
   LP44653 0052
   LP44654 0052
   LP44655 0052
   LP44656 0053
   LP44657 0053
   LP44658 0053
   LP44659 0053
   LP44660 0053
   LP44661 0053
   LP44720 0054
   LP44721 0054
   LP44722 0054
   LP44735 0055
   LP44736 0055
   LP44737 0055
   LP44738 0055
   LP44739 0055
   LP44740 0055
   LP44741 0055
   LP44742 0055
   LP44743 0055
   LP44744 0055
   LP44745 0055
   LP44746 0055
   LP44747 0055
   LP44748 0055
   LP44749 0055
   LP44750 0055
   LP44751 0055
   LP44752 0055
   LP44753 0055
   LP44754 0055
   LP44755 0055

 Refrigerator buyer’s guide.
   MP28117 0093

 Regal Films, Inc.
   R616953 0106

 Relays.
   R618375 0108

 Religion.
   MP27439 0075

 Remedial programming.
   MP27964 0089

 Rendezvous with Anne.
   LP44954 0061

 Renegade roundup.
   R611782 0102

 Renegades of Sonora.
   R609264 0098

 Renhagen, Inc.
   MU9488 0097

 Repairing cloth and fabric.
   MP27192 0068

 Repairing cracks and holes.
   MP27213 0069

 Repairing hailstone damage to automobiles.
   MP27443 0075

 Repentance.
   MP27680 0082

 Repix, Inc.
   R609255 0098
   R609256 0098
   R609257 0098
   R609258 0098
   R609259 0098
   R609260 0098
   R609261 0098
   R609262 0098
   R609263 0098
   R609264 0098

 Replacing windshields or “backlights”.
   MP27191 0068

 Report on your taxes.
   MP27478 0076

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   R609255 0098
   R609256 0098
   R609257 0098
   R609258 0098
   R609259 0098
   R609260 0098
   R609261 0098
   R609262 0098
   R609263 0098
   R609264 0098

 Requiem for a cop.
   LP44823 0057

 Requiem for Methuselah.
   LP44608 0051

 Research, past, present and future.
   MU9432 0096

 Research Press Company.
   MP28020 0090

 Responsible selling.
   MU9401 0095

 Responsible to versus responsible for.
   MU9406 0095

 The Retaliator.
   MU3697 0067

 The Return of October.
   R619761 0109

 Return of the bad men.
   R609092 0098

 Return of the pine marten.
   MP27803 0085

 The Return of the Pink Panther.
   LP44885 0059

 Return of the robot maker.
   LP45076 0065

 Return of wildfire.
   R621161 0110

 Reunion in terror.
   LP44969 0062

 Reverence.
   MU9488 0097

 Reverse interpreting practice.
   MP28139 0093

 Rhapsody on ice.
   R620079 0109

 The Ribcage.
   MP27179 0068

 Rich and Judy.
   MP27784 0084

 Richards all silicone feline urethral shunt tube.
   MP28038 0091

 Richards Manufacturing Company, Inc.
   MP28038 0091
   MP28182 0095
   MP28183 0095

 Riches of the veld: South Africa.
   R618360 0108

 The Rider meets Blaze.
   R613298 0103

 The Rider trapped.
   R610640 0100

 The Rider unmasked.
   R610634 0100

 Riefenstahl, Leni.
   LU3701 0067
   LU3702 0067
   LU3703 0067
   LU3704 0067
   LU3705 0067

 Riefenstahl (Leni) Produktion.
   LU3701 0067
   LU3702 0067
   LU3703 0067
   LU3704 0067
   LU3705 0067

 Rif Raffy Daffy.
   R620705 0110

 Right grave, wrong body.
   LP45007 0063

 Right wing play and passing.
   MP27620 0080

 Ring of life.
   LP45009 0063

 Ringo, the refugee raccoon.
   LP44673 0053

 Ringside Pictures Corporation.
   R614446 0104

 The Rink.
   LP44860 0058

 Ripostes.
   MP27614 0080

 A Ripple in time.
   MP27765 0084

 River lady.
   R613942 0103

 RKO General, Inc.
   R609089 0098
   R609090 0098
   R609091 0098
   R609092 0098
   R609093 0098

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   R609089 0098
   R609090 0098
   R609091 0098
   R609092 0098
   R609093 0098
   R614956 0104
   R618841 0108

 Roach (Hal) International.
   LP45139 0066

 Road house.
   R617070 0107

 Road to Rio.
   R610335 0100

 Roaring wheels.
   R620704 0110

 Robert Platin’s cap frosting method.
   MP27503 0076
   MP27562 0078

 Robeson, Kenneth.
   LP44709 0054

 Robin hoodlum.
   R620075 0109

 Robin Hood winked.
   R619707 0108

 Rochefort, Christiane.
   LF297 0049

 Rocinante Productions, Ltd.
   LP44948 0061

 Rock-a-bye maybe.
   LP44887 0059

 Rockefeller University, New York.
   MP27190 0068

 The Rockefeller University Press.
   MP27190 0068

 Rockets galore.
   LF307 0049

 Rockets of the future.
   R613961 0104

 Rocket to oblivion.
   LP44946 0061

 Rock hunt.
   MP27221 0069

 Rocky.
   R610847 0101

 Rodolphe et le revolver.
   LF281 0048

 Rogers, Peter.
   LF278 0048

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   R613270 0102

 Rollerball.
   LP44923 0060

 Rollins (Jack)-Charles H. Joffe Productions.
   LP44886 0059

 Romance on the high seas.
   R609169 0098

 Rome, the eternal city.
   R616363 0108

 The Rope.
   R615345 0105

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   LP44664 0053

 Routine patrol.
   LP44552 0050

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   MP27434 0074
   MP27435 0074
   MP27436 0074
   MP27571 0078
   MP27572 0078
   MP27713 0082
   MP27978 0089
   MP27979 0089
   MP28091 0092
   MP28092 0092
   MP28093 0092

 Royster, Roy Anthony.
   LU3696 0067

 Runaway.
   LP44807 0057

 Rusty leads the way.
   R617240 0107

 .sp 2
 Sadat.
   MP27512 0077

 A Safety training program for arc welding operators.
   MP27496 0076

 Safeway Stores, Inc.
   MP27969 0089

 Safeway Stores, Inc. Management Development and Training Division.
   MP27969 0089

 Sage Western Pictures.
   R620067 0109

 Sailfish.
   MP27220 0069

 The Sainted sisters.
   R615539 0105

 Saint Joseph’s Hospital, Elmira, NY.
   MP28126 0093

 Saint Paul Technical Vocational Institute (MN)
   MP28139 0093

 Salenger Educational Media.
   LP44762 0056

 Salmon pink.
   LP45073 0064

 The Salt marsh: a question of values.
   MP27818 0085

 The Sam Hawkins stories.
   MP44682 0053

 San Antonio Independent School District.
   LP44956 0061
   LP44957 0061
   LP44958 0061
   LP44959 0061
   LP44960 0061
   LP44961 0061
   LP44962 0061

 San Antonio Independent School District. Bilingual Development Center.
   LP44956 0061
   LP44957 0061
   LP44958 0061
   LP44959 0061
   LP44960 0061
   LP44961 0061
   LP44962 0061

 The San Diego County Bar Association (CA)
   LP44786 0056

 San Diego County, CA. Board of Education.
   MP27624 0080
   MP27626 0080
   MP27627 0080

 San Diego County, CA. Department of Education. Superintendent of
    Schools.
   MP27626 0080

 San Diego County, CA. Probation Department.
   LP44786 0056

 Sandy (Bill) Company, Inc.
   MP27485 0076
   MP27486 0076
   MP27487 0076
   MP27488 0076
   MP27489 0076
   MP27490 0076
   MP27491 0076
   MP27492 0076

 Sanford and son.
   LP44548 0049
   LP44600 0051
   LP44763 0056
   LP44764 0056
   LP44907 0060
   LP44908 0060
   LP44950 0061
   LP45109 0065

 Sarah T.—portrait of a teenage alcoholic.
   LP44975 0062

 Saudek (Robert) Associates.
   MP27227 0069
   MP27228 0069
   MP27241 0070
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 Sauer, John A.
   LP44667 0053

 Saulter, J. P., pseud.
   SEE Sauer, John A.

 Savage, Richard.
   LF286 0048

 Saves and telescoping with Gump Worsley.
   MP27610 0080

 Say hello to a dead man.
   LP44569 0050

 Scar tissue.
   LP44936 0061

 Scenic Sweden.
   R610480 0100

 Schiffner, Gregg G.
   LU3695 0067

 Schiffner, Linda.
   LU3695 0067

 Schmidt, Thomas L.
   MP27561 0078

 Schmidt, Tom.
   SEE Schmidt, Thomas L.

 Scholastic England.
   R621340 0110

 School of Home Economics, Ohio State University.
   SEE Ohio State University, Columbus. School of Home Economics.

 School of Public Health, University of Texas.
   SEE University of Texas, Houston. School of Public Health.

 Schulz (Charles M.) Creative Associates.
   LP45094 0065

 Schwartz, Brian B.
   MU9470 0097

 Science skills, film no. 3.
   MP28029 0090

 Science skills, film no. 4.
   MP28028 0090

 Science skills, film no. 5.
   MP28138 0093

 Scimitar Films.
   LP44884 0059

 Scorpio.
   LP44884 0059

 Scotese, Christopher R.
   MP27187 0068

 Scrabble Crossword Game Players, Inc.
   MP27630 0080

 Scrap and rubbish control.
   MP28095 0092

 Scream, pretty Peggy.
   LP44808 0057

 Screen Art Pictures Corporation.
   R613657 0103

 Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   SEE Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Screen Gems.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   R619756 0109

 Screen News Digest.
   MP28074 0092

 Screen news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 1.
   MP27542 0078

 Screen news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 4.
   MP27540 0077

 Screen news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 5.
   MP27541 0077

 Screen news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 6.
   MP28014 0090

 Screen news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 7.
   MP27539 0077

 Screen news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 8.
   MP27809 0085

 Screen Plays, Inc.
   R616952 0106

 Screen snapshots series, no. 27.
   R615267 0105

 Screen snapshots, ser. 27.
   R610645 0100
   R611785 0102

 Screen snapshots, ser. 27, no. 5.
   R611794 0102

 Screen snapshots, ser. 27, no. 6.
   R611801 0102

 Screen snapshots, ser. 28, no. 1.
   R618241 0107

 Screen snapshots, ser. 28, no. 2.
   R618234 0107

 Screen snapshots, ser. 28, no. 3.
   R619770 0109

 Screen snapshots, ser. 28, no. 4.
   R620080 0109

 Sealing window leaks.
   MP27194 0068

 Seal Island.
   R613357 0103

 Sea of sand.
   LF287 0048

 Season of fire.
   MP25957 0067
   MP28083 0092

 The Sea urchin.
   R618364 0108

 The Second victim.
   LP44707 0054

 The Secret land.
   R612506 0102

 The Secret place.
   LF304 0049

 Secret Service investigator.
   R609258 0098

 Security of shipping and receiving areas.
   MP27557 0078

 Seeking understanding and acceptance: Try to tell it like it is.
   MP27692 0082

 Seige of terror.
   LP44819 0057

 Seitz.
   SEE Seitz, Franz.

 Seitz, Franz.
   LF319 0049

 Seitz-Alfa.
   SEE Alfa Productions, S.A.; Seitz, Franz.

 Seitz Film.
   LF319 0049

 Selchow and Righter Company.
   MP27630 0080

 Selling is simple.
   MU9400 0095

 The Senate and the Watergate affair.
   MP27163 0067

 Sequence of horse races.
   MU9451 0096

 The Serve.
   MP27200 0069

 Servicing the system.
   MP27188 0068

 The Seven million dollar man.
   LP45090 0065

 The Seventh crisis: Nixon on Nixon.
   MP27526 0077

 Seven thunders.
   LF283 0048

 The Sexological exam.
   MP27771 0084

 Sexological examination.
   MP27771 0084

 Shachter, Jaqueline N.
   MP27451 0075
   MP27452 0075
   MP27453 0075
   MP27454 0075

 The Shanghai chest.
   R615168 0104

 Shanghaied.
   LP44874 0059

 Shanin (R. E.) Enterprises, Inc.
   MP28026 0090

 Shanin, Ronald E.
   MP28026 0090

 Shape of tomorrow.
   MP27903 0087

 Shaper, Paul.
   MP28124 0093

 The Sharecroppers.
   LP45118 0066

 Shark.
   MP27217 0069

 Sharks’ treasure.
   LP44888 0059

 Shark 2.
   MP27218 0069

 Shaw Brothers (Hong Kong) Ltd.
   LP44910 0060

 Sheep dog.
   R617028 0107

 The Sheepish wolf.
   R610643 0100

 The Shell-shocked egg.
   R614185 0104

 Shep comes home.
   R621162 0110

 The Sheriff of Medicine Bow.
   R615163 0104

 Shiozaki, Erik.
   MU9413 0095

 The Ship that died of shame.
   LF266 0048

 Shirley.
   MP27761 0084

 Shiseido Company, Ltd.
   MP27807 0085
   MP27808 0085

 Shlifer, David H.
   MP28135 0093

 Shooting.
   MP27619 0080

 A Shooting gallery called America?
   MP27628 0080

 The Shopping bag lady.
   LP44547 0049

 Short fuse.
   LP45108 0065

 Shot put.
   R618376 0108

 Should husbands marry?
   R611777 0102

 Shute, Nevil.
   LF301 0049

 Sierra outpost.
   LP44672 0053

 Signet Productions, Inc.
   MP27820 0085

 Silent conflict.
   R618842 0108

 Silo Cinema, Inc.
   MP27198 0069

 The Silverfish king.
   LP44667 0053

 Silverton Productions, Inc.
   LP44793 0056
   LP44799 0057
   LP44800 0057
   LP44973 0062
   LP45075 0064
   LP45076 0065
   LP45077 0065
   LP45078 0065
   LP45079 0065
   LP45080 0065
   LP45081 0065
   LP45082 0065
   LP45083 0065
   LP45084 0065
   LP45085 0065
   LP45086 0065
   LP45087 0065
   LP45088 0065
   LP45089 0065
   LP45090 0065
   LP45091 0065
   LP45092 0065
   LP45110 0066
   LP45111 0066
   LP45112 0066

 Silver trails.
   R615162 0104

 Simon (Norton) Inc.
   LP44554 0050
   LP44555 0050
   LP44558 0050
   LP44559 0050
   LP44560 0050
   LP44561 0050
   LP44562 0050
   LP44563 0050
   LP44564 0050
   LP44565 0050
   LP44566 0050
   LP44567 0050
   LP44568 0050
   LP44569 0050
   LP44570 0050

 Simpson, Alan.
   LP44600 0051
   LP44763 0056
   LP44764 0056
   LP44907 0060
   LP44908 0060
   LP44950 0061
   LP45109 0065

 Sing and be happy series.
   R613957 0104

 Singin’ spurs.
   R612734 0102

 Singin’ the blues.
   R613956 0104

 Sinister journey.
   R618844 0108

 Sinister schemes.
   R619767 0109

 The Sin of Susan Gentry.
   LP44703 0054

 The Sinuses and facial bones.
   MP27181 0068

 The Six blind men and the elephant.
   MP27812 0085

 The Six million dollar man.
   LP45075 0064
   LP45076 0065
   LP45077 0065
   LP45078 0065
   LP45079 0065
   LP45080 0065
   LP45081 0065
   LP45082 0065
   LP45083 0065
   LP45084 0065
   LP45085 0065
   LP45086 0065
   LP45087 0065
   LP45088 0065
   LP45089 0065
   LP45090 0065
   LP45091 0065
   LP45092 0065
   LP45110 0066
   LP45111 0066
   LP45112 0066
   LP45136 0066

 Sixteen fathoms deep.
   R615161 0104

 Skeletal and topographic anatomy.
   MU9442 0096
   MU9443 0096
   MU9444 0096
   MU9445 0096

 Skeletal features of the pelvis.
   MU9444 0096

 Skeletal features of the thorax.
   MU9442 0096

 Skiing rivers of ice.
   MU9483 0097

 Skin color.
   MP27807 0085

 Skinny arise.
   MU9477 0097

 Skitch Henderson and his orchestra.
   R611798 0102

 Ski whiz!
   MP27255 0070

 Sky high.
   MP27226 0069

 Skyway to death.
   LP44801 0057

 Sky west and crooked.
   LF275 0048

 The Slumber caper.
   LP44746 0055

 Small (Edward) Productions, Inc.
   R616866 0106

 Small witness, large crime.
   LP44997 0062

 Smart girls don’t talk.
   R618951 0108

 Smart politics.
   R610842 0100

 Smart woman.
   R610849 0101

 Smile.
   LP44909 0060

 Smiltens, Karlis.
   LU3700 0067

 Smithsonian adventure with Wally Schirra.
   MP27153 0067

 The Smithsonian Institution.
   MP27153 0067

 Smoking.
   MU9435 0096

 Smoky Mountain melody.
   R620068 0109

 Smugglers Cove.
   R616162 0106

 Snake bite.
   LP44856 0058

 The Snake pit.
   R618945 0108

 Snatches of crazy song.
   LP44705 0054

 The Snoop sisters.
   LP44554 0050
   LP44565 0050
   LP44566 0050
   LP44567 0050

 Snow capers.
   R609444 0099

 Snow place like home.
   R615343 0105

 The Soap box derby scandal.
   LP44760 0056

 Soap, scents and the hard, hard sell.
   MP28022 0090

 So dear to my heart.
   R613358 0103

 Sodom and Gomorrah, the last seven days.
   LP45011 0063

 So evil my love.
   R615544 0105

 Solarlite with Robert Platin.
   MP27505 0076

 The Solid gold swingers.
   LP44982 0062

 Solitaire Productions, Inc.
   LP44952 0061

 Solzhenitsyn.
   MP27170 0068

 Soma touch.
   MP27788 0084

 Some good practice drills.
   MP27206 0069

 Someone else’s crisis.
   MP27196 0068

 Someone please help.
   MU9455 0096

 Somerset Films, Ltd.
   LF308 0049

 Song of molasses.
   LP44769 0056

 Song of the drifter.
   R610843 0100

 Sonny Liston versus Floyd Patterson for the Heavyweight Championship of
    the World, Las Vegas, Nevada, July 22, 1963.
   MP27252 0070
   MP28127 0093

 So professional.
   MU9473 0097

 Sorbus, Inc.
   MP27186 0068

 Sorry, right number.
   LP44653 0052

 So this is New York.
   R616952 0106

 Soule, Mary Jane.
   MP28094 0092

 Soule/Barkhausen.
   MP28094 0092

 Southern Baptist Convention. Home Mission Board.
   MP28024 0090

 Southern Baptist Convention. Home Mission Board. Division of
    Communications.
   MP28024 0090

 A Southern Yankee.
   R610725 0100

 South Korea, the first twenty years.
   MP28027 0090

 Southwest division.
   LP44583 0050

 South Works, Training Bureau, United States Steel Corporation.
   SEE United States Steel Corporation. South Works. Training Bureau.

 Soybeans: the magic beanstalk.
   MP27970 0089

 Space: a report to the stockholders.
   MP27426 0074

 Special effects.
   MP27256 0070

 The Specialists.
   LP44987 0062

 Special shots.
   MP27205 0069

 Specific learning disabilities: evaluation.
   MP27965 0089

 Specific learning disabilities in the classroom.
   MP27966 0089

 Specific learning disabilities: remedial programming.
   MP27964 0089

 Speight, Johnny.
   LP44545 0049
   LP44589 0051
   LP44591 0051
   LP44592 0051
   LP44593 0051
   LP44594 0051
   LP44595 0051
   LP44779 0056
   LP44780 0056
   LP44782 0056
   LP44783 0056

 Spills and thrills.
   R608528 0097

 Spinach versus hamburgers.
   R614184 0104

 Spirit of the wind.
   MP27561 0078

 Spirit of ’76.
   LP44670 0053

 Spotlight serenade.
   R613957 0104

 Spring.
   MP27259 0070

 Springfield Plumbers and Steamfitters Training Association, Inc.
   MP27472 0075

 Sprints.
   R618374 0108

 The Square peg.
   LF305 0049

 Squeeze technique.
   MP27779 0084

 Squibb (E. R.) and Sons, Inc.
   MP27199 0069

 Stage struck.
   R610860 0101

 Staking out the oceans.
   MP27541 0077

 Standards of performance: the new principal.
   MP27511 0077

 The Stand-ins.
   LP44907 0060

 Stanley Ketchel versus Billy Papke for the Middleweight Championship of
    the World, Colma, California, July 5, 1909.
   MP27501 0076

 Stanmyre, R. William.
   MP28027 0090

 Stars to remember.
   R619770 0109

 Star trek.
   LP44608 0051
   LP44715 0054
   LP44716 0054
   LP44718 0054
   LP44719 0054
   LP44723 0054
   LP44724 0054
   LP44725 0055
   LP44726 0055
   LP44727 0055
   LP44728 0055
   LP44729 0055
   LP44730 0055
   LP44731 0055
   LP44732 0055
   LP44733 0055
   LP44734 0055

 State of the Union.
   R609173 0098

 Steal now, pay.
   LP45001 0062

 Steal now, pay later.
   LP45001 0062

 Steele, Connie.
   MP27173 0068

 Steering clear of lemons.
   MP27560 0078

 Stein, Paul L.
   LF264 0048

 Steptoe and son.
   LP44548 0049
   LP44600 0051
   LP44763 0056
   LP44764 0056
   LP44907 0060
   LP44908 0060
   LP44950 0061
   LP45109 0065

 Sterling Educational Films.
   MP27560 0078

 Steve Austin, fugitive.
   LP45078 0065

 Stickles, James S.
   MP27738 0083

 Stock attribution rules.
   MP27792 0084

 Stone and Webster Management Consultants, Inc.
   MP28066 0091

 The Story of Douglas Bader.
   LF282 0048

 The Story of Pretty Boy Floyd.
   LP44791 0056

 The Story of the foster community.
   MP27199 0069

 A Story told.
   MU9453 0096

 Stoumen Films of Los Angeles.
   MP27143 0067

 Straight on ’til morning.
   LP45088 0065

 Strange gamble.
   R618847 0108

 Stranger in Broken Fork.
   LP45092 0065

 Strangers meeting.
   LF286 0048

 Strategy in singles play.
   MP27203 0069

 Strawberry roan.
   R614236 0104

 Street girl.
   LP45071 0064

 The Streetwalker and the gentleman.
   LP44778 0056

 The Street with no name.
   R610478 0100

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 01.
   MP28052 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 02.
   MP28050 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 03.
   MP28057 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 04.
   MP28055 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 05.
   MP28054 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 06.
   MP28049 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 07.
   MP28058 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 08.
   MP28056 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 09.
   MP28051 0091

 Strength of materials laboratory, film 10.
   MP28053 0091

 Structured programming techniques, lesson 430.
   MP27468 0075

 Structured programming techniques, lesson 431.
   MP27469 0075

 Structured programming techniques, lesson 432.
   MP28030 0090

 Structured programming techniques, lesson 433.
   MP28031 0090

 Student teacher lesson: Food demonstration.
   MP28081 0092

 Study in rage.
   LP45008 0063

 Stupor salesman.
   R620707 0110

 Subject: the sterilization of Judy Simpson.
   LP44690 0053

 Summer special—repentance.
   MP27680 0082

 Sun brushed.
   MP27774 0084

 Sun children.
   MP27776 0084

 Sun Foundation.
   LP44955 0061

 The Sun gave man the power.
   LP44955 0061

 Sunshine.
   LP45137 0066

 Superintendent of Schools, Department of Education, San Diego County,
    CA.
   SEE San Diego County, CA. Department of Education. Superintendent of
      Schools.

 Surgical Day Care Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston.
   SEE Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston. Surgical Day Care Unit.

 The Surgical technique of the Bechtol total shoulder replacement.
   MP28183 0095

 Susan.
   MP27782 0084

 Sutherland Learning Associates.
   LP44956 0061
   LP44957 0061
   LP44958 0061
   LP44959 0061
   LP44960 0061
   LP44961 0061
   LP44962 0061

 Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.
   MP28018 0090

 Swan song.
   LP44616 0051

 Sweet harvest.
   LP44699 0054

 The Sweet smell of.
   LP44549 0049

 The Swineherd.
   LP45095 0065

 Switch.
   LP45138 0066

 Symbol Productions, Inc.
   LP44888 0059

 .sp 2
 Tai-Chi: an ancient way to health.
   MU9454 0096

 Talent Associates.
   LP44554 0050
   LP44555 0050
   LP44558 0050
   LP44559 0050
   LP44560 0050
   LP44561 0050
   LP44562 0050
   LP44563 0050
   LP44564 0050
   LP44565 0050
   LP44566 0050
   LP44567 0050
   LP44568 0050
   LP44569 0050
   LP44570 0050

 Talent Associates-Norton Simon, Inc.
   LP44966 0061
   LP44967 0061
   LP44968 0062
   LP44969 0062
   LP44970 0062
   LP44971 0062

 A Tale of two cities.
   LF312 0049

 Talking with Thoreau.
   MP27820 0085

 Talk to me.
   MP27622 0080

 The Tall tree.
   LP44639 0052

 Taming the cat.
   R610423 0100

 Tandem Production.
   SEE Tandem Productions, Inc.

 Tandem Productions, Inc.
   LP44545 0049
   LP44548 0049
   LP44589 0051
   LP44590 0051
   LP44591 0051
   LP44592 0051
   LP44593 0051
   LP44594 0051
   LP44595 0051
   LP44596 0051
   LP44600 0051
   LP44763 0056
   LP44764 0056
   LP44779 0056
   LP44780 0056
   LP44781 0056
   LP44782 0056
   LP44783 0056
   LP44907 0060
   LP44908 0060
   LP44950 0061
   LP45098 0065
   LP45099 0065
   LP45100 0065
   LP45101 0065
   LP45102 0065
   LP45103 0065
   LP45104 0065
   LP45109 0065

 Taneha.
   LP45111 0066

 Tap roots.
   R616351 0106

 Tarascans.
   MP28048 0091

 Target risk.
   LP44981 0062

 The Tarnished badge.
   LP45130 0066

 Tatano, Al.
   SEE Tatano, Alfonso R.

 Tatano, Alfonso R.
   MP27622 0080

 T.A.T. Communications Company.
   LP44597 0051
   LP44598 0051
   LP44599 0051

 The Tattle-tale.
   LP44753 0055

 Taylor, Talus.
   LP45019 0063
   LP45020 0063
   LP45021 0063
   LP45022 0063
   LP45023 0063
   LP45024 0063
   LP45025 0063
   LP45026 0063
   LP45027 0063
   LP45028 0063
   LP45029 0063
   LP45030 0063
   LP45031 0063
   LP45032 0063
   LP45033 0063
   LP45034 0063
   LP45035 0063
   LP45036 0063
   LP45037 0063
   LP45038 0063
   LP45039 0063
   LP45040 0063
   LP45041 0064
   LP45042 0064
   LP45043 0064
   LP45044 0064
   LP45045 0064
   LP45046 0064
   LP45047 0064
   LP45048 0064
   LP45049 0064
   LP45050 0064
   LP45051 0064
   LP45052 0064
   LP45053 0064
   LP45054 0064
   LP45055 0064
   LP45056 0064
   LP45057 0064
   LP45058 0064
   LP45059 0064
   LP45060 0064
   LP45061 0064
   LP45062 0064
   LP45063 0064

 Taylor, Theodore.
   LP45140 0066

 Taylor-Laughlin Distribution Company.
   LP44928 0060

 TBM.
   SEE The Better Mousetrap, Inc.

 Teacher Education Division, Far West laboratory for Educational
    Research and Development.
   SEE Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development.
      Teacher Education Division.

 Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation.
   SEE A-V Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.

 Teaching reading as decoding, minicourse 18.
   MP27594 0079
   MP27595 0079
   MP27596 0079
   MP27597 0079
   MP27598 0079
   MP27599 0079

 Tea for two hundred.
   R615033 0104

 The Technique of transnasal pituitary surgery.
   MP28182 0095

 Techniques de defense.
   MP27621 0080

 Teen sexuality: what’s right for you.
   MP28025 0090

 TeleKetics.
   MP27250 0070

 TeleScene, Inc.
   MP27200 0069
   MP27201 0069
   MP27202 0069
   MP27203 0069
   MP27204 0069
   MP27205 0069
   MP27206 0069
   MP27207 0069
   MP27543 0078
   MP27544 0078
   MP27545 0078
   MP27546 0078
   MP27790 0084

 Tell it like it is.
   LP44722 0054

 Temores.
   LP44959 0061

 Tempean Films, Ltd.
   LF287 0048

 Tenafly.
   LP44571 0050
   LP44572 0050
   LP44573 0050
   LP44574 0050

 Tennis racquet.
   R613355 0103

 Tension test.
   MP28055 0091
   MP28057 0091

 Ten thousand dollars a page.
   LP44607 0051

 Terror.
   LP45069 0064

 The Terrorists.
   LP45067 0064

 Terror times two.
   LP44560 0050

 Terrytoons, Inc.
   R610420 0100
   R610421 0100
   R610422 0100
   R610423 0100

 Testing the system.
   MP27189 0068

 Texas Tech University, Lubbock.
   MP27173 0068
   MP27174 0068
   MP27175 0068
   MP27176 0068

 Tex Beneke and his orchestra.
   R609815 0099

 Tex finds trouble.
   R610638 0100

 Tex Granger, episode no. 01.
   R610638 0100

 Tex Granger, episode no. 06.
   R610633 0100

 Tex Granger, episode no. 07.
   R610634 0100

 Tex Granger, episode no. 09.
   R610640 0100

 Tex Granger, episode no. 10.
   R611781 0102

 Tex Granger, episode no. 11.
   R611782 0102

 Tex Granger, episode no. 13.
   R611790 0102

 Tex Granger, episode no. 15.
   R613298 0103

 That lady in ermine.
   R611935 0102

 Theme for a minor character.
   LU3698 0067

 Thenow.
   MP27762 0084

 Therapy in dynamite.
   LP44828 0057

 There is a way.
   MP27738 0083

 There’s always a Thursday.
   LF277 0048

 Think tall!
   MP27164 0068

 Thirty a month and found.
   LP45134 0066

 This is Jesse Owens.
   MU9398 0095

 This is the West that was.
   LP44980 0062

 This man Brezhnev.
   MP27158 0067

 This must be the Alamo.
   LP44984 0062

 This was a woman.
   R613270 0102

 Thomas Paine.
   MP27819 0085

 Thompson, Charles.
   LP44917 0060

 The Thoracic spine.
   MP27471 0075

 Thousand and one naughts.
   MP28042 0091

 The Three million dollar piracy.
   LP44943 0061

 The Three musketeers.
   R615663 0106

 Thrills of music.
   R619773 0109
   R620078 0109

 Thrills of music, number 8.
   R612737 0102

 Thrills of music, ser. 2, no. 3.
   R611793 0102

 Thrills of music, ser. 2, no. 4.
   R611798 0102

 Thrills of music, ser. 2, no. 7.
   R611800 0102

 Thrills of music, ser. 3, no. 1.
   R618239 0107

 Thunderhoof.
   R611784 0102

 Thunder in the pines.
   R621163 0110

 Tiefland.
   LU3704 0067

 Tiger Bay.
   LF281 0048

 Tiger in the smoke.
   LF298 0049

 Tiger! Tiger!
   LP44652 0052

 Till death do us part.
   LP44545 0049
   LP44589 0051
   LP44591 0051
   LP44592 0051
   LP44593 0051
   LP44594 0051
   LP44595 0051
   LP44596 0051
   LP44779 0056
   LP44780 0056
   LP44782 0056
   LP44783 0056

 Tillie’s punctured romance.
   LP44875 0059
   LP44879 0059

 Tilton (Roger) Films, Inc.
   MU9459 0096

 The Timber trail.
   R609257 0098

 The Tioga Kid.
   R616951 0106

 Tires: longer life or the scrap heap?
   MP27918 0088

 Tison, Annette.
   LP45019 0063
   LP45020 0063
   LP45021 0063
   LP45022 0063
   LP45023 0063
   LP45024 0063
   LP45025 0063
   LP45026 0063
   LP45027 0063
   LP45028 0063
   LP45029 0063
   LP45030 0063
   LP45031 0063
   LP45032 0063
   LP45033 0063
   LP45034 0063
   LP45035 0063
   LP45036 0063
   LP45037 0063
   LP45038 0063
   LP45039 0063
   LP45040 0063
   LP45041 0064
   LP45042 0064
   LP45043 0064
   LP45044 0064
   LP45045 0064
   LP45046 0064
   LP45047 0064
   LP45048 0064
   LP45049 0064
   LP45050 0064
   LP45051 0064
   LP45052 0064
   LP45053 0064
   LP45054 0064
   LP45055 0064
   LP45056 0064
   LP45057 0064
   LP45058 0064
   LP45059 0064
   LP45060 0064
   LP45061 0064
   LP45062 0064
   LP45063 0064

 To be a winner—Gale Sayers.
   MP27700 0082

 To be yourself.
   MU9403 0095

 Today: the first day of the rest of your life.
   MU9399 0095

 To form a more perfect union.
   LP45150 0067

 To keep and bear arms.
   LP44693 0054

 To move or not to move.
   LP44650 0052

 Tom Sawyer.
   LP45139 0066

 Tonsils and adenoids.
   MP27467 0075

 Tony Esposito, goal angles and screen shots.
   MP27611 0080

 Too close.
   MP27704 0082

 Too late for tomorrow.
   LP45105 0065

 Tool use by a gibbon (hylobates)
   MP27444 0075

 Too many crooks.
   LF297 0049

 Top down design.
   MP28030 0090
   MP28031 0090

 Top of the form.
   LF280 0048

 Topographic anatomy of the abdomen.
   MU9443 0096

 Topographic anatomy of the pelvis, perineum and inguinal region.
   MU9445 0096

 Topol Productions, Inc.
   MU9456 0096

 To prove a point.
   MU9479 0097

 Torment.
   LP44920 0060

 Torsion.
   MP28058 0091

 To steal a king.
   LP44601 0051

 To touch the sky.
   MP27811 0085

 Touching.
   MP27780 0084

 A Touch of Zen.
   MP28075 0092

 Touch the sky.
   MP28026 0090

 Touch typing.
   MP28019 0090

 Tower power.
   LP44764 0056

 A Town in chains.
   LP45135 0066

 A Town like Alice.
   LF301 0049

 Trail of the Mounties.
   R616979 0107

 Trail of treachery.
   R620070 0109

 Trail to Laredo.
   R610639 0100

 Training Bureau, United States Steel Corporation, South Works.
   SEE United States Steel Corporation. South Works. Training Bureau.

 Training division.
   LP44578 0050

 Train of events.
   LF265 0048

 Train to Alcatraz.
   R609260 0098

 Trammel, Jules Maurice.
   MU9453 0096

 The Tramp.
   LP44865 0058

 Transatlantic Pictures Corporation.
   R615345 0105

 The Transconjunctival approach to the orbital floor for correction of
    traumatic lesions.
   MU9392 0095

 Translation.
   MP28032 0090

 Trapped.
   LP44935 0061

 Traveller’s joy.
   LF288 0048

 La Traviata.
   R617239 0107

 Treacy, Harold.
   MU9450 0096

 The Treasure of Sierra Avenue.
   LP44750 0055

 The Tribe.
   LP45114 0066

 Tribute to Africa: the photography of Eliot Elisofon.
   MP28185 0095

 A Tribute to Jack Benny.
   MP27525 0077

 Triggerman.
   R610858 0101

 Trikon Productions.
   LP44786 0056

 Trilogy.
   MP27799 0085

 Triple threat.
   R615264 0105

 Triton Films, Ltd.
   LF289 0048
   R621639 0111

 Triumph des Willens.
   LU3705 0067

 Triumph of the will.
   LU3705 0067

 Tropical mountain island (Java)
   R620692 0110

 Trouble in the bank.
   LP44553 0050

 Trouble preferred.
   R618942 0108

 The Trouble with tribbles.
   LP44719 0054

 The Truce hurts.
   R609084 0098

 Truck gate operations.
   MP27553 0078

 True as a turtle.
   LF303 0049

 Truk deep dive.
   MP27219 0069

 Trust: a professional obligation.
   MU9404 0095

 Try to tell it like it is.
   MP27692 0082

 The Tunnel.
   LP44669 0053

 Turnabout intruder.
   LP44734 0055

 Twain, Mark, pseud.
   SEE Clemens, Samuel Langhorne.

 The Twentieth century crisis.
   MP27227 0069

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
   LP45065 0064
   LP45066 0064
   LP45067 0064
   LP45068 0064
   LP45096 0065
   LP45097 0065
   R608641 0097
   R608642 0097
   R608643 0097
   R608644 0097
   R610211 0100
   R610212 0100
   R610478 0100
   R610479 0100
   R610480 0100
   R611935 0102
   R611936 0102
   R611937 0102
   R611938 0102
   R611939 0102
   R612306 0102
   R613495 0103
   R613496 0103
   R613497 0103
   R613498 0103
   R613499 0103
   R616866 0106
   R616926 0106
   R616927 0106
   R616928 0106
   R616929 0106
   R617070 0107
   R618942 0108
   R618943 0108
   R618944 0108
   R618945 0108
   R618946 0108
   R618947 0108
   R618948 0108
   R618949 0108
   R619331 0108

 Twenty years of Academy Awards.
   R613272 0103

 Two Cities Films, Ltd.
   R616598 0106

 Two dollars on Trouble to win.
   LP44559 0050

 The Two-faced corpse.
   LP45004 0063

 Two family portraits.
   MP27161 0067

 Two guys from Texas.
   R615346 0105

 The Two million clams of Cap’n Jack.
   LP44603 0051

 Two-person communication.
   MP27690 0082
   MP27691 0082
   MP27692 0082
   MP27693 0082
   MP27694 0082

 Two Roads Productions, Inc.
   LP44909 0060

 .sp 2
 Ullman, James Ramsey.
   LF315 0049

 The Ultimate computer.
   LP44726 0055

 Ultimate computers.
   LP44726 0055

 The Unanswered question.
   MP27227 0069
   MP27228 0069
   MP27241 0070
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 Undercovers hero.
   LP44915 0060

 The Undergraduate.
   LP44651 0052

 Understanding.
   LP44845 0058

 Understanding vacuum systems.
   MP27434 0074

 Understanding your safety responsibilities.
   MP27538 0077

 Understanding your safety responsibility.
   MP27538 0077

 Under the Southern Cross.
   MP27633 0080

 Unfaithfully yours.
   R618944 0108

 Ungerer, Tomi.
   LP44761 0056

 Uninvited blonde.
   R618841 0108

 Union University. Albany Medical College.
   MP28025 0090

 United Artists.
   LP44886 0059
   LP44915 0060
   LP45073 0064
   LP45074 0064

 United Artists Corporation.
   LP44884 0059
   LP44885 0059
   LP44887 0059
   LP44888 0059
   LP44889 0059
   LP44890 0059
   LP44891 0059
   LP44892 0059
   LP44893 0059
   LP44909 0060
   LP44923 0060
   R609171 0098
   R615342 0105

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   R609167 0098
   R609168 0098
   R609169 0098
   R609170 0098
   R609172 0098
   R611662 0101
   R611663 0101
   R614183 0104
   R614184 0104
   R614185 0104
   R614186 0104
   R614187 0104
   R614188 0104
   R614189 0104
   R615343 0105
   R615344 0105
   R615345 0105
   R615346 0105
   R618950 0108
   R618951 0108
   R618952 0108
   R619707 0108
   R619708 0109
   R619709 0109

 United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
   LP45094 0065

 United States Golf Association.
   LP45116 0066

 United States Independent Telephone Association.
   MP27446 0075

 United States Steel Corporation.
   MP28186 0095

 United States Steel Corporation. South Works. Training Bureau.
   MP28186 0095

 United World Films, Inc.
   R608528 0097
   R608529 0097
   R608530 0097
   R608531 0097
   R618355 0107
   R618356 0107
   R618357 0107
   R618358 0108
   R618359 0108
   R618360 0108
   R618361 0108
   R618362 0108
   R618363 0108
   R618364 0108
   R618365 0108
   R618366 0108
   R618367 0108
   R618368 0108
   R618369 0108
   R618370 0108
   R616371 0108
   R618372 0108
   R618373 0108
   R618374 0108
   R618375 0108
   R618376 0108
   R618377 0108
   R618378 0108
   R618379 0108
   R620690 0110
   R620691 0110
   R620692 0110
   R620693 0110

 Unitel.
   MP27227 0069

 Unit planning conference.
   MP28080 0092

 Universal.
   LP44554 0050
   LP44555 0050
   LP44610 0051
   LP44611 0051
   LP44614 0051
   LP44615 0051
   LP44616 0051
   LP44617 0051
   LP44618 0051
   LP44619 0051
   LP44620 0051
   LP44621 0051
   LP44622 0052
   LP44623 0052
   LP44624 0052
   LP44625 0052
   LP44626 0052
   LP44627 0052
   LP44628 0052
   LP44629 0052
   LP44630 0052
   LP44631 0052
   LP44632 0052
   LP44633 0052
   LP44634 0052
   LP44635 0052
   LP44636 0052
   LP44637 0052
   LP44638 0052
   LP44639 0052
   LP44640 0052
   LP44641 0052
   LP44642 0052
   LP44643 0052
   LP44644 0052
   LP44684 0053
   LP44688 0053
   LP44689 0053
   LP44690 0053
   LP44691 0053
   LP44692 0054
   LP44693 0054
   LP44694 0054
   LP44695 0054
   LP44789 0056
   LP44791 0056
   LP44792 0056
   LP44793 0056
   LP44794 0056
   LP44795 0056
   LP44796 0057
   LP44797 0057
   LP44798 0057
   LP44801 0057
   LP44802 0057
   LP44803 0057
   LP44804 0057
   LP44805 0057
   LP44809 0057
   LP44810 0057
   LP44811 0057
   LP44812 0057
   LP44813 0057
   LP44814 0057
   LP44815 0057
   LP44816 0057
   LP44817 0057
   LP44818 0057
   LP44819 0057
   LP44820 0057
   LP44821 0057
   LP44822 0057
   LP44823 0057
   LP44824 0057
   LP44825 0057
   LP44826 0057
   LP44827 0057
   LP44828 0057
   LP44829 0057
   LP44830 0057
   LP44831 0057
   LP44832 0057
   LP44833 0057
   LP44896 0059
   LP44897 0059
   LP44936 0061
   LP44937 0061
   LP44940 0061
   LP44941 0061
   LP44972 0062
   LP44973 0062
   LP44979 0062
   LP44980 0062
   LP44981 0062
   LP44987 0062
   LP45075 0064
   LP45076 0065
   LP45077 0065
   LP45078 0065
   LP45079 0065
   LP45080 0065
   LP45081 0065
   LP45082 0065
   LP45083 0065
   LP45084 0065
   LP45085 0065
   LP45086 0065
   LP45087 0065
   LP45088 0065
   LP45089 0065
   LP45090 0065
   LP45091 0065
   LP45092 0065
   LP45110 0066
   LP45111 0066
   LP45112 0066
   LP45115 0066

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   LP44554 0050
   LP44555 0050
   LP44558 0050
   LP44559 0050
   LP44560 0050
   LP44561 0050
   LP44562 0050
   LP44563 0050
   LP44564 0050
   LP44565 0050
   LP44566 0050
   LP44567 0050
   LP44568 0050
   LP44569 0050
   LP44570 0050
   LP44571 0050
   LP44572 0050
   LP44573 0050
   LP44574 0050
   LP44601 0051
   LP44602 0051
   LP44603 0051
   LP44604 0051
   LP44605 0051
   LP44606 0051
   LP44607 0051
   LP44610 0051
   LP44611 0051
   LP44612 0051
   LP44613 0051
   LP44614 0051
   LP44615 0051
   LP44616 0051
   LP44617 0051
   LP44618 0051
   LP44619 0051
   LP44620 0051
   LP44621 0051
   LP44622 0052
   LP44623 0052
   LP44624 0052
   LP44625 0052
   LP44626 0052
   LP44627 0052
   LP44628 0052
   LP44629 0052
   LP44630 0052
   LP44631 0052
   LP44632 0052
   LP44633 0052
   LP44634 0052
   LP44635 0052
   LP44636 0052
   LP44637 0052
   LP44638 0052
   LP44639 0052
   LP44640 0052
   LP44641 0052
   LP44642 0052
   LP44643 0052
   LP44644 0052
   LP44684 0053
   LP44685 0053
   LP44686 0053
   LP44687 0053
   LP44688 0053
   LP44689 0053
   LP44690 0053
   LP44691 0053
   LP44692 0054
   LP44693 0054
   LP44694 0054
   LP44695 0054
   LP44696 0054
   LP44697 0054
   LP44698 0054
   LP44699 0054
   LP44700 0054
   LP44701 0054
   LP44702 0054
   LP44703 0054
   LP44704 0054
   LP44705 0054
   LP44706 0054
   LP44707 0054
   LP44767 0056
   LP44787 0056
   LP44788 0056
   LP44789 0056
   LP44790 0056
   LP44791 0056
   LP44792 0056
   LP44793 0056
   LP44794 0056
   LP44797 0057
   LP44798 0057
   LP44799 0057
   LP44800 0057
   LP44801 0057
   LP44802 0057
   LP44803 0057
   LP44804 0057
   LP44805 0057
   LP44806 0057
   LP44807 0057
   LP44808 0057
   LP44813 0057
   LP44814 0057
   LP44815 0057
   LP44816 0057
   LP44817 0057
   LP44818 0057
   LP44819 0057
   LP44820 0057
   LP44821 0057
   LP44822 0057
   LP44823 0057
   LP44824 0057
   LP44825 0057
   LP44826 0057
   LP44827 0057
   LP44828 0057
   LP44829 0057
   LP44830 0057
   LP44831 0057
   LP44832 0057
   LP44833 0057
   LP44834 0057
   LP44835 0058
   LP44836 0058
   LP44837 0058
   LP44838 0058
   LP44839 0058
   LP44840 0058
   LP44841 0058
   LP44842 0058
   LP44843 0058
   LP44895 0059
   LP44934 0061
   LP44935 0061
   LP44938 0061
   LP44939 0061
   LP44942 0061
   LP44943 0061
   LP44944 0061
   LP44945 0061
   LP44946 0061
   LP44947 0061
   LP44966 0061
   LP44967 0061
   LP44968 0062
   LP44969 0062
   LP44970 0062
   LP44971 0062
   LP44973 0062
   LP44974 0062
   LP44975 0062
   LP44976 0062
   LP44977 0062
   LP44978 0062
   LP44979 0062
   LP44980 0062
   LP44981 0062
   LP44982 0062
   LP44983 0062
   LP44984 0062
   LP44985 0062
   LP44986 0062
   LP44988 0062
   LP45075 0064
   LP45076 0065
   LP45077 0065
   LP45078 0065
   LP45079 0065
   LP45080 0065
   LP45081 0065
   LP45082 0065
   LP45083 0065
   LP45084 0065
   LP45085 0065
   LP45086 0065
   LP45087 0065
   LP45088 0065
   LP45089 0065
   LP45090 0065
   LP45091 0065
   LP45092 0065
   LP45110 0066
   LP45111 0066
   LP45112 0066
   LP45113 0066
   LP45114 0066
   LP45136 0066
   LP45137 0066
   LP45138 0066
   LP45139 0066
   LP45140 0066
   LP45141 0066
   LP45142 0066
   LP45143 0066

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Emka Division.
   R609173 0098
   R615539 0105
   R615540 0105
   R615541 0105
   R615542 0105
   R615543 0105
   R615544 0105
   R615545 0105
   R615546 0105
   R616930 0106
   R616938 0106

 Universal Education and Visual Arts.
   R608528 0097
   R608529 0097
   R608530 0097
   R608531 0097
   R618355 0107
   R618356 0107
   R618357 0107
   R618358 0108
   R618359 0108
   R618360 0108
   R618361 0108
   R618363 0108
   R618364 0108
   R618365 0108
   R618366 0108
   R618367 0108
   R618368 0108
   R618369 0108
   R618370 0108
   R618371 0108
   R618372 0108
   R618373 0108
   R618374 0106
   R618375 0108
   R618376 0108
   R618377 0106
   R618378 0108
   R618379 0108
   R620690 0110
   R620691 0110
   R620692 0110
   R620693 0110

 Universal international newsreel.
   R609422 0098
   R609423 0098
   R609424 0098
   R609425 0098
   R609426 0098
   R609427 0099
   R609428 0099
   R609429 0099
   R609430 0099
   R609431 0099
   R609432 0099
   R609433 0099
   R609434 0099
   R609435 0099
   R609436 0099
   R609437 0099
   R609438 0099
   R609809 0099
   R609810 0099
   R609811 0099
   R609813 0099
   R609814 0099
   R609817 0099
   R609818 0099
   R609819 0099
   R609820 0099
   R609821 0099
   R609822 0099
   R609823 0099
   R609824 0099
   R609825 0100
   R609826 0100
   R609827 0100
   R609828 0100
   R609829 0100
   R609830 0100
   R609831 0100
   R609832 0100
   R609833 0100
   R609834 0100
   R609835 0100
   R609836 0100
   R609837 0100
   R613945 0103
   R613946 0103
   R613947 0103
   R613948 0103
   R613949 0104
   R613950 0104
   R613951 0104
   R613952 0104
   R613953 0104
   R615547 0105
   R615548 0105
   R615549 0105
   R615550 0105
   R615551 0105
   R615552 0105
   R615553 0105
   R615554 0105
   R615555 0105
   R615556 0105
   R615557 0105
   R615558 0105
   R615559 0105
   R615560 0105
   R615561 0105
   R615562 0105
   R615563 0105
   R615564 0105
   R615565 0105
   R615566 0105
   R615567 0105
   R615568 0105
   R615569 0105
   R615570 0105
   R615571 0105
   R615572 0106
   R615573 0106
   R616931 0106
   R616932 0106
   R616933 0106
   R616934 0106
   R616935 0106
   R616936 0106
   R616937 0106

 Universal International Pictures Company, Inc.
   R613956 0104
   R613957 0104
   R613958 0104
   R613960 0104
   R613961 0104

 Universal Pictures.
   LP44550 0049
   LP44551 0050
   R609422 0098
   R609423 0098
   R609424 0098
   R609425 0098
   R609426 0098
   R609427 0099
   R609428 0099
   R609429 0099
   R609430 0099
   R609431 0099
   R609432 0099
   R609433 0099
   R609434 0099
   R609435 0099
   R609436 0099
   R609437 0099
   R609438 0099
   R609439 0099
   R609440 0099
   R609441 0099
   R609442 0099
   R609443 0099
   R609444 0099
   R609445 0099
   R609446 0099
   R609807 0099
   R609808 0099
   R609809 0099
   R609810 0099
   R609811 0099
   R609812 0099
   R609813 0099
   R609814 0099
   R609815 0099
   R609816 0099
   R609817 0099
   R609818 0099
   R609819 0099
   R609820 0099
   R609821 0099
   R609822 0099
   R609823 0099
   R609824 0099
   R609825 0100
   R609826 0100
   R609627 0100
   R609828 0100
   R609829 0100
   R609630 0100
   R609831 0100
   R609832 0100
   R609833 0100
   R609834 0100
   R609835 0100
   R609836 0100
   R609837 0100
   R612957 0102
   R613939 0103
   R613940 0103
   R613941 0103
   R613942 0103
   R613943 0103
   R613944 0103
   R613945 0103
   R613946 0103
   R613947 0103
   R613948 0103
   R613949 0104
   R613950 0104
   R613951 0104
   R613952 0104
   R613953 0104
   R613954 0104
   R613955 0104
   R613956 0104
   R613957 0104
   R613958 0104
   R613959 0104
   R613960 0104
   R613961 0104
   R613962 0104
   R613963 0104
   R613964 0104
   R615547 0105
   R615548 0105
   R615549 0105
   R615550 0105
   R615551 0105
   R615552 0105
   R615553 0105
   R615554 0105
   R615555 0105
   R615556 0105
   R615557 0105
   R615558 0105
   R615559 0105
   R615560 0105
   R615561 0105
   R615562 0105
   R615563 0105
   R615564 0105
   R615565 0105
   R615566 0105
   R615567 0105
   R615568 0105
   R615569 0105
   R615570 0105
   R615571 0105
   R615572 0106
   R615573 0106
   R616351 0106
   R616931 0106
   R616932 0106
   R616933 0106
   R616934 0106
   R616935 0106
   R616936 0106
   R616937 0106

 Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
   R609422 0098
   R609423 0098
   R609424 0098
   R609425 0098
   R609426 0098
   R609427 0099
   R609428 0099
   R609429 0099
   R609430 0099
   R609431 0099
   R609432 0099
   R609433 0099
   R609434 0099
   R609435 0099
   R609436 0099
   R609437 0099
   R609438 0099
   R609439 0099
   R609440 0099
   R609441 0099
   R609442 0099
   R609443 0099
   R609444 0099
   R609445 0099
   R609446 0099
   R609773 0099
   R609807 0099
   R609808 0099
   R609809 0099
   R609810 0099
   R609811 0099
   R609812 0099
   R609813 0099
   R609814 0099
   R609815 0099
   R609816 0099
   R609817 0099
   R609818 0099
   R609819 0099
   R609820 0099
   R609821 0099
   R609822 0099
   R609823 0099
   R609824 0099
   R609825 0100
   R609826 0100
   R609827 0100
   R609828 0100
   R609829 0100
   R609830 0100
   R609831 0100
   R609832 0100
   R609833 0100
   R609834 0100
   R609835 0100
   R609836 0100
   R609837 0100
   R610986 0101
   R612957 0102
   R613939 0103
   R613940 0103
   R613941 0103
   R613942 0103
   R613943 0103
   R613944 0103
   R613945 0103
   R613946 0103
   R613947 0103
   R613948 0103
   R613949 0104
   R613950 0104
   R613951 0104
   R613952 0104
   R613953 0104
   R613954 0104
   R613955 0104
   R613959 0104
   R613962 0104
   R613963 0104
   R613964 0104
   R615547 0105
   R615548 0105
   R615549 0105
   R615550 0105
   R615551 0105
   R615552 0105
   R615553 0105
   R615554 0105
   R615555 0105
   R615556 0105
   R615557 0105
   R615558 0105
   R615559 0105
   R615560 0105
   R615561 0105
   R615562 0105
   R615563 0105
   R615564 0105
   R615565 0105
   R615566 0105
   R615567 0105
   R615568 0105
   R615569 0105
   R615570 0105
   R615571 0105
   R615572 0106
   R615573 0106
   R616351 0106
   R616931 0106
   R616932 0106
   R616933 0106
   R616934 0106
   R616935 0106
   R616936 0106
   R616937 0106

 Universal-Public Arts Productions.
   LP44609 0051

 Universal Studios.
   LP44549 0049
   LP44552 0050
   LP44553 0050
   LP44556 0050
   LP44557 0050
   LP44558 0050
   LP44559 0050
   LP44561 0050
   LP44562 0050
   LP44563 0050
   LP44564 0050
   LP44571 0050
   LP44572 0050
   LP44573 0050
   LP44574 0050
   LP44575 0050
   LP44576 0050
   LP44577 0050
   LP44578 0050
   LP44579 0050
   LP44580 0050
   LP44581 0050
   LP44582 0050
   LP44583 0050
   LP44584 0050
   LP44585 0051
   LP44586 0051
   LP44587 0051
   LP44684 0053
   LP44685 0053
   LP44686 0053
   LP44687 0053
   LP44696 0054
   LP44697 0054
   LP44698 0054
   LP44699 0054
   LP44700 0054
   LP44701 0054
   LP44702 0054
   LP44703 0054
   LP44704 0054
   LP44705 0054
   LP44706 0054
   LP44707 0054
   LP44767 0056
   LP44787 0056
   LP44790 0056
   LP44799 0057
   LP44800 0057
   LP44834 0057
   LP44835 0058
   LP44836 0058
   LP44837 0058
   LP44838 0058
   LP44839 0058
   LP44840 0058
   LP44841 0058
   LP44842 0058
   LP44843 0058
   LP44844 0058
   LP44845 0058
   LP44846 0058
   LP44847 0058
   LP44848 0058
   LP44849 0058
   LP44850 0058
   LP44851 0058
   LP44852 0058
   LP44853 0058
   LP44854 0058
   LP44855 0058
   LP44856 0058
   LP44857 0058
   LP44895 0059
   LP44934 0061
   LP44966 0061
   LP44967 0061
   LP44968 0062
   LP44969 0062
   LP44970 0062
   LP44971 0062

 University of Akron (OH)
   MU9420 0095
   MU9421 0095
   MU9422 0095
   MU9423 0095
   MU9424 0095
   MU9425 0095
   MU9426 0096
   MU9427 0096
   MU9428 0096
   MU9429 0096
   MU9430 0096
   MU9431 0096
   MU9432 0096
   MU9433 0096
   MU9434 0096
   MU9435 0096
   MU9436 0096
   MU9437 0096
   MU9438 0096
   MU9439 0096

 University of Delaware, Newark.
   MP27547 0078
   MP27548 0078
   MP27549 0078
   MP27550 0078
   MP27551 0078
   MP27705 0082

 University of Delaware, Newark. Instructional Resources Center.
   MP27547 0078
   MP27548 0078
   MP27549 0078
   MP27550 0078
   MP27551 0078
   MP27705 0082

 University of Delaware, Newark. Reading Study Center.
   MP27705 0082

 University of Montana, Missoula. Instructional Materials Service.
   MP27913 0088

 University of Texas, Houston. School of Public Health.
   MU9455 0096

 UniWorld Group, Inc.
   MP27442 0075

 The Untamed beast.
   R618231 0107

 The Untamed breed.
   R620067 0109

 The Un-underground movie.
   LP44747 0055

 Unusual Films.
   MP28072 0092

 Update clinical nursing.
   MP27149 0067
   MP27805 0085

 Update on drugs, program 01.
   MU9429 0096

 Update on drugs, program 02.
   MU9428 0096

 Update on drugs, program 03.
   MU9427 0096

 Update on drugs, program 04.
   MU9426 0096

 Update on drugs, program 05.
   MU9425 0095

 Update on drugs, program 06.
   MU9424 0095

 Update on drugs, program 07.
   MU9423 0095

 Update on drugs, program 08.
   MU9422 0095

 Update on drugs, program 09.
   MU9421 0095

 Update on drugs, program 10.
   MU9420 0095

 An Update on the Akron drug scene.
   MU9421 0095

 Updike, John.
   LP44952 0061

 Updoc Films, Inc.
   MP27150 0067

 Up in Central Park.
   R613944 0103

 Up in the world.
   LF294 0048

 Up-standing sitter.
   R614186 0104

 Up to his neck.
   LF278 0048

 Urban Opinion Surveys, division of Mathematica, Inc.
   SEE Mathematica, Inc. Urban Opinion Surveys.

 U. R. Stuck.
   MP27197 0069

 Using the computer as a management tool.
   MP27509 0077

 Utility customer relations: a better way.
   MP28066 0091

 .sp 2
 The Vagabond.
   LP44869 0059

 Value clarification in counseling.
   MP27476 0076

 The Vanishing chalice.
   LP44939 0061

 Van Nuys division.
   LP44580 0050

 Variety views.
   R613959 0104
   R613962 0104
   R613963 0104
   R613964 0104

 Vasey, John.
   LU3699 0067

 Vasey (John) Productions.
   LU3699 0067

 Vector Productions.
   LP44987 0062

 The Velvet knife.
   LP44929 0060

 Venice division.
   LP44586 0051

 Ventricular defibrillation.
   LP44916 0060

 Verite Productions, Inc.
   MP27446 0075

 The Vermont Council on the Humanities and Public Issues.
   MP27198 0069

 Viacom International, Inc.
   R610420 0100
   R610421 0100
   R610422 0100
   R610423 0100

 Vibrato.
   MP27737 0083

 Vic Film.
   LF301 0049

 Videotape Section, International Photographic Center.
   SEE International Photographic Center. Videotape Section.

 Video Turf, Inc.
   MU9451 0096
   MU9452 0096

 Vietnam—no peace, no honor.
   MP27682 0082

 View from the top.
   MP27764 0084

 Vir amat.
   MP27789 0084

 Vista Company.
   LP44544 0049

 Visual Programme Systems, Ltd.
   LP44991 0062

 The Vitaphone Corporation.
   R608548 0097
   R608549 0097
   R608550 0097
   R608551 0097
   R609172 0098
   R609791 0099
   R614185 0104
   R614186 0104
   R614187 0104
   R614188 0104
   R618950 0108
   R620702 0110
   R620703 0110
   R620704 0110
   R620705 0110
   R620706 0110
   R620707 0110
   R621495 0110
   R621496 0110
   R621497 0111
   R621498 0111
   R621499 0111
   R621500 0111
   R621501 0111

 Viva Baja.
   MU9459 0096

 The Volley.
   MP27207 0069

 Vote no.
   MU9393 0095

 VO5 pH dip test.
   MU9415 0095

 .sp 2
 Wacky bye baby.
   R609703 0099

 Wagner, Betty.
   MP27173 0068

 Wagner, Betty S.
   MP27174 0068
   MP27175 0068
   MP27176 0068

 Waitress.
   MU9448 0096

 Walk a crooked mile.
   R615266 0105

 Walking hands.
   MP28069 0092

 Wallflower.
   R609167 0098

 The Walls of Jericho.
   R611936 0102

 Walter gets religion.
   LP45101 0065

 Walter’s pride.
   LP45100 0065

 Wandering through Wales.
   R616304 0106

 Wanger (Walter) Pictures Company, Inc.
   R616351 0106

 The War lord.
   LP44675 0053

 Warner Brothers.
   LP44710 0054
   LP44711 0054
   LP44991 0062
   MP28061 0091

 Warner Brothers, Inc.
   LP44708 0054
   LP44709 0054
   LP44910 0060
   LP44912 0060
   LP44952 0061
   LP44990 0062
   R608548 0097
   R608549 0097
   R608550 0097
   R608551 0097
   R609790 0099
   R609791 0099
   R616162 0106
   R620702 0110
   R620703 0110
   R620704 0110
   R620705 0110
   R620706 0110
   R620707 0110
   R621495 0110
   R621496 0110
   R621497 0111
   R621498 0111
   R621499 0111
   R621500 0111
   R621501 0111

 Warner Brothers Pictures.
   LP44989 0062

 Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.
   R609167 0098
   R609170 0098
   R611663 0101
   R614183 0104
   R614189 0104
   R615346 0105
   R618951 0108
   R618952 0108
   R619708 0109
   R619709 0109

 Warner Communications Company.
   LP44708 0054

 Watercress.
   MP27760 0084

 Water for dry land; USA—the Southwest.
   R620690 0110

 Water: friend or foe?
   MP27258 0070

 Watergate and the President.
   MP27162 0067

 Watergate: One year after.
   MP27712 0082

 The Watergate year: Crisis for the President.
   MP27712 0082

 Water nymphs.
   MP27800 0085

 Water: the common necessity.
   MP28036 0091

 Watkins, John G.
   MP27913 0088

 A Way of life.
   MP27912 0087

 Way of the padres.
   R616929 0106

 Ways to cook with microwave.
   MP28118 0093

 The Way to Eden.
   LP44731 0055

 WBBM (Television station)
   LP44683 0053

 The Weaker sex.
   R616598 0106

 Weather forecasting.
   MP27813 0085

 Weather or not.
   MU9411 0095

 Web of death.
   LP44822 0057

 Wedlock deadlock.
   R611789 0102

 Wednesday’s child.
   MP27240 0070

 Weekend.
   MP28129 0093
   MP28130 0093
   MP28131 0093
   MP28132 0093
   MP28133 0093
   MP28134 0093

 We hang our own.
   LP45005 0063

 Weinstein, Miriam.
   MP27458 0075

 Weiss Global Enterprises.
   R613657 0103
   R616979 0107
   R616980 0107
   R621160 0110
   R621161 0110
   R621162 0110
   R621163 0110
   R621164 0110

 Wellmax Film Corporation.
   LP44858 0058
   LP44859 0058
   LP44860 0058
   LP44861 0058
   LP44862 0058
   LP44863 0058
   LP44864 0058
   LP44865 0058
   LP44866 0058
   LP44867 0059
   LP44868 0059
   LP44869 0059
   LP44870 0059
   LP44871 0059
   LP44672 0059
   LP44873 0059
   LP44874 0059
   LP44875 0059
   LP44876 0059
   LP44877 0059
   LP44878 0059
   LP44879 0059
   LP44880 0059
   LP44881 0059
   LP44882 0059
   LP44883 0059

 Wendland, John P.
   MU9483 0097

 We’re OK in Brick, New Jersey.
   MP27161 0067

 Western Electric Company, Inc.
   MP27494 0076

 Western Savings and Loan Association, Phoenix.
   MU9447 0096
   MU9448 0096
   MU9449 0096

 Weston Woods.
   LP45095 0065

 Weston Woods.
   SEE Weston Woods Studios, Inc.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   LP44760 0056
   LP44761 0056

 Westport International Film, Inc.
   R615344 0105

 The Westridge Organization, Ltd.
   R609773 0099

 West Valley division.
   LP44575 0050

 West wind Productions, Inc.
   MP27498 0076
   MP28076 0092
   MP28077 0092

 Wet blanket policy.
   R614936 0104

 We won’t leave you.
   MP27178 0068

 Weyerhaeuser Company.
   MP27811 0085

 WGBH (Television station)
   MP27228 0069
   MP27241 0070
   MP27242 0070
   MP27243 0070

 What goes up.
   LP44754 0055

 What good is a warbler?
   MP27909 0087

 What is a Scrabble tournament?
   MP27630 0080

 What price peace?
   MP27155 0067

 What’s a Scrabble players tournament?
   MP27630 0080

 What’s going on here? The Troubled American economy.
   MP27513 0077

 What’s it all about.
   MP27232 0069

 What’s new at school?
   MP27156 0067

 What’s the car in your future?
   MP27518 0077

 Whatta built.
   R613963 0104

 What you can sell besides price.
   MP27436 0074

 Whazzat?
   MP27812 0085

 A Wheelbarrow full of trouble.
   LP44568 0050

 Wheels of death.
   LP44922 0060

 When a child enters the hospital.
   MP27456 0075

 When my baby smiles at me.
   R618946 0108

 When’s the big day?
   MP27248 0070

 Where the North begins.
   R616980 0107

 Where there’s smoke.
   LP44736 0055

 Which way will science go?
   MP27438 0075

 Whirlpool.
   LF313 0049

 The White collar rip-off.
   LP27477 0076

 White line fever.
   LP44714 0054

 The White Line Fever Syndicate.
   LP44714 0054

 The White queen.
   R619763 0109

 White shadows in the jungle.
   R619760 0109

 Whitfield, Raoul.
   R609061 0098

 Whittingham, Jack.
   LF264 0048

 The Whiz kid and the mystery at Riverton.
   LP44678 0053
   LP44679 0053

 Who controls the weather?
   MP27480 0076

 Whole new you.
   MP27806 0085

 Wholly cow.
   MP27968 0089

 Whom gods destroy.
   LP44729 0055

 Whom the gods destroy.
   LP44729 0055

 Who’s getting fired?
   MP27516 0077

 Why a rainbow?
   MU9470 0097

 Why can’t I go home now?
   LP44786 0056

 Why is it?
   R614092 0104

 Wife to spare.
   R611776 0101

 The Wilby conspiracy.
   LP44891 0059

 Wilderness—an American ideal.
   MP28077 0092

 Wild kingdom.
   MP27803 0085
   MP27804 0085
   MP28021 0090

 Wildlife—an American heritage.
   MP27498 0076

 A Williamsburg sampler.
   MP27177 0068

 Willis, Ted.
   LF308 0049

 Will the real Jan Brady please stand up.
   LP44737 0055

 Willy Nelson’s Fourth of July picnic.
   MU9440 0096

 Wind, curves and trap door.
   R609446 0099

 Windom’s way.
   LF315 0049

 The Window that wasn’t.
   LP44573 0050

 Windsor Pictures Corporation.
   R616958 0106

 Wine, women and war.
   LP45136 0066

 Wings of the wind.
   MP28037 0091

 The Winner.
   LP44741 0055

 The Winner’s circle.
   R608642 0097

 Winner take all.
   R615169 0104

 A Winning combination.
   MP27702 0082

 Winterhawk.
   LP45010 0063

 Winter storage.
   R609662 0099

 Wiseman, Frederick.
   MP27150 0067
   MP27151 0067

 The Witch doctor strikes.
   R620069 0109

 With just a little trust.
   MP27250 0070

 The Wiving.
   LP45132 0066

 Wolf in sheik’s clothing.
   R611662 0101

 The Woman.
   LP44876 0059

 The Woman I love.
   LP44613 0051

 A Woman’s vengeance.
   R609808 0099

 Women of the world.
   MP27195 0068

 The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973 – 1974.
   LP44672 0053
   LP44673 0053
   LP44674 0053
   LP44675 0053
   LP44676 0053
   LP44677 0053
   LP44678 0053
   LP44679 0053
   LP44680 0053
   LP44681 0053
   LP44899 0060
   LP44900 0060
   LP44901 0060

 Wood, Wendy.
   MP27967 0089

 Woody Herman and his orchestra.
   R613954 0104

 Words and music.
   R621338 0110

 Work.
   LP44873 0059

 World crisis in government.
   MP27679 0082

 Worldcross Productions, Inc.
   LP44952 0061

 World Hockey Association. New England Whalers Hockey Club.
   SEE New England Whalers Hockey Club.

 A World in a grain of sand.
   MP27699 0082

 The World of sports.
   R613303 0103

 World premiere.
   LP44972 0062
   LP44973 0062
   LP44974 0062
   LP44975 0062
   LP44976 0062
   LP44977 0062
   LP44978 0062
   LP44979 0062
   LP44980 0062
   LP44981 0062
   LP44987 0062
   LP45115 0066

 World’s middleweight championship, Rocky Graziano versus Tony Zale.
   R614485 0104

 World’s middleweight championship, Tony Zale versus Marcel Cerdan.
   R614446 0104

 Worldwide Church of God, Pasadena.
   MP27437 0075
   MP27438 0075
   MP27439 0075
   MP27440 0075
   MP27441 0075
   MP27479 0076
   MP27480 0076
   MP27481 0076
   MP27482 0076
   MP27483 0076
   MP27484 0076
   MP27495 0076
   MP27679 0082
   MP27680 0062
   MP27681 0082
   MP27682 0082
   MP27683 0082
   MP27684 0082
   MP27685 0082
   MP27686 0082
   MP27687 0082
   MP27754 0083
   MP28059 0091
   MP28060 0091
   MU9461 0096

 Woroner, Murry.
   MP27625 0080

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   MP27625 0080
   MP27629 0080

 Woss, W. Stanley.
   LF316 0049

 WOW.
   MP27195 0068

 WQED (Television station)
   LP44768 0056
   LP44769 0056
   LP44770 0056
   LP44771 0056
   LP44772 0056
   LP44773 0056
   LP45012 0063
   LP45013 0063
   LP45147 0066
   LP45148 0066
   LP45149 0066
   LP45150 0067

 Wrather, J. D., Jr.
   R609061 0098
   R609062 0098

 .sp 2
 Yassar Arafat—profile of a hero.
   MP27684 0082

 The Year they discovered people.
   MP27494 0076

 The Yellow school bus.
   MP27688 0082

 Yone Production Company.
   MP27807 0085
   MP27808 0085

 You are Safeway.
   MP27969 0089

 Young, Benjamin.
   MU9414 0095

 The Young assassins.
   LP45002 0062

 Young hairdresser, with tag.
   MU9475 0097

 You’re a good sport, Charlie Brown.
   LP45094 0065

 Yvan Cournoyer, right wing.
   MP27619 0080
   MP27620 0080

 .sp 2
 Zeeuwse Maatschappij, N. V.
   LP44543 0049

 Zero.
   LP44855 0058

 Ziff-Davis Publishing Company.
   MP27244 0070
   MP27245 0070
   MP27246 0070
   MP27247 0070
   MP27248 0070
   MP27249 0070
   MP27500 0076

 Zipporah Films, Inc.
   MP27150 0067
   MP27151 0067

 Zoo baby.
   LF285 0048

 Zuker, Howard.
   MP28061 0091

 .sp 2
 3 godfathers.
   R618927 0108

 13th Place.
   MP27980 0089

 37–73.
   LP44774 0056

 54–40 and fight.
   LP44647 0052

 99 days to survival.
   MP27153 0067

 1001 naughts.
   MP28042 0091

 1956 NHRA Championship Drag Races.
   MU9467 0096

 1973: a television album.
   MP27521 0077

 1975 Chevelle.
   MP27485 0076

 1975 Chevrolet.
   MP27489 0076

 1975 demonstration.
   MP27486 0076

 1975 features, interiors, options.
   MP27492 0076

 1975 Monte Carlo.
   MP27488 0076

 1975 Monza 2 + 2.
   MP27491 0076

 1975 Nova.
   MP27490 0076

 1975 product training films.
   MP27485 0076
   MP27486 0076
   MP27487 0076
   MP27488 0076
   MP27489 0076
   MP27490 0076
   MP27491 0076
   MP27492 0076

 1975 Vega, Camaro, Corvette.
   MP27487 0076

 1976 GM vehicle warranty.
   MP28180 0094

 1976 Monaco.
   MP28092 0092

 1976 Oldsmobile Cutlass S.
   MP28114 0093

 1976 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme/Salon/Brougham.
   MP28115 0093

 1976 Oldsmobile Delta Eighty-Eight/Royale.
   MP28113 0093

 1976 Oldsmobile Ninety-Eight/Regency.
   MP28112 0093

 1976 Oldsmobile Omega.
   MP28111 0093

 1976 Oldsmobile Starfire.
   MP28116 0093

 1976 Oldsmobile Toronado.
   MP28110 0093

 1976 Pontiac Astre.
   MP28107 0093

 1976 Pontiac Catalina, Bonneville, Bonneville Brougham.
   MP28104 0092

 1976 Pontiac Firebird.
   MP28106 0093

 1976 Pontiac Grand Prix.
   MP28109 0093

 1976 Pontiac LeMans, LeMans sport coupe, Grand LeMans.
   MP28103 0092

 1976 Pontiac new features.
   MP28108 0093

 1976 Pontiac Safari station wagons.
   MP28105 0092

 1976 Pontiac Sunbird.
   MP28102 0092

 1976 Pontiac Ventura.
   MP28101 0092

 6,000 deadly tickets.
   LP44993 0062

 250,000 ways to destroy a child’s life without leaving home.
   MP27711 0082




                         Current Registrations


                                   LF


LF263.

The Night my number came up. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released through
General Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 94 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm.
Based on a story by Victor Goddard. Appl. au: Associated British Pathe,
Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 2Apr55: LF263.


LF264.

Cage of gold. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released through General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 83 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. From an original
story by Jack Whittingham & Paul L. Stein. Appl. au: Associated British
Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 21Sep50; LF264.


LF265.

Train of events. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released through General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 89 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Appl. au:
Associated British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 19Aug49; LF265.


LF266.

The Ship that died of shame. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released by the J.
Arthur Rank Organisation. England. 91 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. From the
story by Nicholas Monsarrat. Appl. au: Associated British Pathe, Ltd. ©
Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 3May55; LF266.


LF267.

The Maggie. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released through General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 93 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Appl. au:
Associated British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 24Feb54; LF267.


LF268.

Lease of life. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released through General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Adapted from a
story by Frank Baker. Appl. au: Associated British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing
Studios, Ltd.; 13Oct54; LF268.


LF269.

The Ladykillers. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released through J. Arthur Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au:
Associated British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 10Dec55; LF269.


LF270.

The Love lottery. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released through General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 88 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on a story
by Charles Neilson Gattey & Zelma Bramley-Moore. Appl. au: Associated
British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 5Feb54 (in notice: 1953);
LF270.


LF271.

Miss Robin Hood. Group 3, Ltd. England. 75 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm.
Based on a story by Reed De Rouen. Appl. au: Associated British Pathe,
Ltd. © Group 3, Ltd.; 24Dec52; LF271.


LF272.

The Long arm. Ealing Studios, Ltd. & Rank Organisation. Released through
J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 96 min., sd., b & w, 35
mm. Appl. au: Associated British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.;
28May56; LF272.


LF273.

His Excellency. Ealing Studios, Ltd. & The J. Arthur Rank Organisation.
Released through General Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 84 min., sd.,
b & w, 35 mm. Based on the play by Dorothy Christie & Campbell Christie.
Appl. au: Associated British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 16Jan52
(in notice: 1951); LP273.


LF274.

A Doll’s house, Elkins Productions of Canada, Ltd. in association with
Freeward Films, Ltd. Distributed by Paramount. England. 95 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on A Doll’s house, by Henrik Ibsen. © Elkins
Productions of Canada, Ltd.; 18Apr73; LF274. (See also A Doll’s house;
18Apr73; LP44325)


LF275.

Sky west and crooked. John Mills Productions (1957) Ltd. Released by The
Rank Organisation. England. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From an
original story by Mary Hayley Bell. © John Mills Productions (1957)
Ltd.; 6Feb66 (in notice: 1965); LF275.


LF276.

The Heart of a man. Everest Pictures, Ltd. Released by Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 93 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. From the story
by Rex North. © Everest Pictures, Ltd.; 20Jul59; LF276.


LF277.

There’s always a Thursday. Associated Sound Film Industries, Ltd.
England. 62 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. © Associated Sound Film Industries,
Ltd.; 1Apr57 (in notice: 1956); LF277.


LF278.

Up to his neck. Group Film Productions, Ltd. Distributed by General Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 91 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. From an original
story by Peter Rogers. © Group Film Productions, Ltd.; 2Aug54; LF278.


LF279.

Here come the Huggetts. Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. Released through
General Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 93 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. ©
Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd.; 6Dec48; LF279.


LF280.

Top of the form. J. Arthur Rank Organisation. Distributed by General
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 75 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Appl. au:
British Film Makers, Ltd. © British Film Makers, Ltd.; 9Mar53; LF280.


LF281.

Tiger Bay. Independent Artists (Production) Ltd. Released by Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 106 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on the
short story, Rodolphe et le revolver, by Noel Calef. © Independent
Artists (Production) Ltd.; 13Apr59; LF281.


LF282.

Reach for the sky. Pinnacle Productions, Ltd. Released by J. Arthur Rank
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 136 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on
the book, The Story of Douglas Bader, by Paul Brickhill. © Pinnacle
Productions, Ltd.; 27Aug56; LF282.


LF283.

Seven thunders. Dial Films, Ltd. Released by J. Arthur Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 100 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. From the novel
by Rupert Croft-Cooke. © Dial Films, Ltd.; 21Oct57; LF283.


LF284.

The Big chance. Major Productions (London) Ltd. Released by Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 61 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Original story
by Barbara S. Harper. © Major Productions (London) Ltd.; 7Oct57; LF284.


LF285.

Zoo baby. Penington Eady Productions, Ltd. Distributed by Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 59 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Screenplay by
Jan Read from his own original story. © Penington Eady Productions,
Ltd.; 3Jul60 (in notice: 1957); LF285.


LF286.

Strangers meeting. Parroch Films, Ltd. Released by J. Arthur Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 64 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. From the novel
by Richard Savage. © Parroch Films, Ltd.; 4Nov57; LF286.


LF287.

Sea of sand. Tempean Films, Ltd. Distributed by the Rank Organisation.
England. 93 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. From an original story by Sean
Fielding. © Tempean Films, Ltd.; 17Nov58; LF287.


LF288.

Traveller’s joy. Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. Released through General
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 77 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Based on
the play by Arthur Macrae. © General Film Distributors, Ltd.; 7May51 (in
notice: 1949); LF288.


LF289.

Daybreak. Triton Films, Ltd. Released through General Film Distributors,
Ltd. England. 81 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © General Film Distributors,
Ltd.; 12Jul48; LF289.


LF290.

The Huggetts abroad. Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. Released by General
Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 87 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on a
story by Keith Campbell. © General Film Distributors, Ltd.; 15Aug49;
LF290.


LF291.

Eyewitness. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by J.
Arthur Rank Film Distribution, Ltd. England. 82 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
© The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 13Aug56; LF291.


LF292.

The Naked truth. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 92 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. ©
The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 27Jan58 (in notice: 1957);
LF292.


LF293.

No, my darling daughter. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
England. 96 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Based on the play, Handful of
Tansy, by Harold Brooke & Kay Bannerman. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 4Sep61; LF293.


LF294.

Up in the world. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 90 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 24Dec56; LF294.


LF295.

The Bulldog breed. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 98 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. ©
The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 26Dec60; LF295.


LF296.

Jumping for joy. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 88 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 13Feb56; LF296.


LF297.

Too many crooks. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 85 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
From a story by Christiane Rochefort & Jean Nery. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 9Mar59; LF297.


LF298.

Tiger in the smoke. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
Released by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 93 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. From the story by Margery Allingham. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 24Dec56; LF298.


LF299.

Jacqueline. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by J.
Arthur Rank Film Productions, Ltd. England. 93 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
From the novel, A Grand man, by Catherine Cookson. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 23Jul56; LF299.


LF300.

Innocent sinners. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 95 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm.
Based on the novel, An Episode of sparrows, by Rumer Godden. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 31Mar58; LF300.


LF301.

A Town like Alice. J. Arthur Rank Film Productions, Ltd. A Vic Film
production. England. 118 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. From the novel by
Nevil Shute. Appl. au: The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. ©
The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 2Apr56; LF301.


LF302.

The Gypsy and the gentleman. The Rank Organisation Film Productions,
Ltd. Released by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 107 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. From the novel, Darkness I leave you, by Nina Warner
Hooke. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 24Feb58; LF302.


LF303.

True as a turtle. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 97 min., sd., color,
35 mm. From the novel by John Coates. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 18Mar57; LF303.


LF304.

The Secret place. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 98 min., sd., b & w,
35 mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 25Mar57 (in
notice: 1956); LF304.


LF305.

The Square peg. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 89 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. © The
Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 5Jan59 (in notice: 1958);
LF305.


LF306.

A Pair of briefs. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England.
90 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. Based on the play, How say you?, by Harold
Brooke & Kay Bannerman. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.;
30Apr62; LF306.


LF307.

Rockets galore. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From
the novel by Compton Mackenzie. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 20Oct58; LF307.


LF308.

Flame in the streets. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
Produced in association with Somerset Films, Ltd. Released by Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. England. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Cinemascope.
From the original story by Ted Willis. © The Rank Organisation Film
Productions, Ltd.; 10Jul61; LF308.


LF309.

The Heart of a child. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
Released by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 76 min., sd., b & w,
35 mm. Adapted from the novel by Phyllis Bottome. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 23Jun58; LF309.


LF310.

The Big money. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 86 min, sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on a story by John Baines. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions,
Ltd.; 23Jun58; LF310.


LF311.

Lost. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released by J. Arthur
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © The
Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 5Mar56; LF311.


LF312.

A Tale of two cities. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.
Released by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 117 min., sd., b & w,
35 mm. Based on the novel by Charles Dickens. © The Rank Organisation
Film Productions, Ltd.; 17Mar58; LF312.


LF313.

Whirlpool. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England. 95
min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel, The Lorelei, by Lawrence
Bachmann. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 6Apr59; LF313.


LF314.

All night long. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England. 91
min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. © The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.;
19Feb62; LF314.


LF315.

Windom’s way. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. England. 108
min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by James Ramsey Ullman. © The
Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 20Jan58 (in notice: 1957);
LF315.


LF316.

In the doghouse. The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. Released
by Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 92 min., sd., b & w, 35 mm.
From the novel, It’s a vet’s life, by Alex Duncan. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 25Dec61; LF316.


LF317.

Deadly nightshade. A Kenilworth-Mid-Century production. England. 62
min., sd., b & w, 35 mm. © Kenilworth Film Productions, Ltd.; 15Jun53;
LF317.


LF318.

Ill met by moonlight. A Michael Powell & Emeric Pressburger production.
Released by J. Arthur Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. England. 78 min.,
sd., b & w, 35 mm., VistaVision. Adapted from the book by W. Stanley
Woss. Appl. au: The Rank Organisation Film Productions, Ltd. © The Rank
Organisation Film Productions, Ltd.; 4Mar57; LF318.


LF319.

Der Fussganger. Seitz Film & Alfa Productions, S.A. in Zusammenarbeit
mit MFG Film & Zev Braun. West Germany. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add.
ti: The Pedestrian. Appl. au: Franz Seitz. © Franz Seitz & Alfa, A.G.
(Alfa Productions, S.A.) (in notice: Seitz-Alfa); 7Sep73; LF319.


                                   LP


LP44542.

A Political cartoon. Odradek Productions. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Odradek Productions; 31Dec73; LP44542.


LP44543.

Posse. Bryna Company. Released by Paramount Pictures Corporation. 94
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Appl. au: Zeeuwse Maatschappij,
N.V. © Zeeuwse Maatschappij, N. V.; 28Apr75; LP44543.


LP44544.

Bite the bullet. B/P & Vista Company. Released by Columbia Pictures
Corporation. 132 min., sd., color, 35 mm, Panavision. © Vista Company;
26Jun75; LP44544.


LP44545.

The Best of All in the family. Tandem Productions, Inc. 60 min., sd., b
& w, 16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created
by Johnny Speight. NM: compilation & additions. © Tandem Productions,
Inc.; 18Dec74; LP44545.


LP44546.

The Passenger. Comp. Cinematografica Champion, Les Films Concordia &
C.I.P.I. Cinematografica. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 120
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 9Apr75; LP44546.


LP44547.

The Shopping bag lady. Learning Corporation of America. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Learning to be human) © Learning Corporation of America;
2May75; LP44547.


LP44548.

The Engagement. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe and son, created
by Ray Galton. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 31Oct73; LP44548.


LP44549.

The Sweet smell of. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 7Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP44549.


LP44550.

Jaws. Universal Pictures. 124 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision.
Based upon the novel by Peter Benchley. © Universal Pictures; 20Jun75;
LP44550.


LP44551.

Earthquake. The Filmakers Group. Released by Universal Pictures. 129
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Universal Pictures; 15Nov74;
LP44551.


LP44552.

Routine patrol. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 12Feb74 (in
notice: 1973); LP44552.


LP44553.

Trouble in the bank. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12) ©
Adam-12 Productions; 15Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44553.


LP44554.

Corpse and robbers. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Talent Associates, Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Snoop sisters) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
19Dec73; LP44554.


LP44555.

A Matter of magic. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Talent Associates, Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Faraday and Company) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
4Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44555.


LP44556.

North Hollywood division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Adam-12) Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 22Jan74;
LP44556.


LP44557.

Krash. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12) Appl. au:
Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 5Feb74; LP44557.


LP44558.

The Fine art of staying alive. Universal City Studios. Produced in
association with Talent Associates, Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal
Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 9Mar73; LP44558.


LP44559.

Two dollars on Trouble to win. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates, Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal
Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 30Mar73; LP44559.


LP44560.

Terror times two. Universal Studios. Produced in association with Talent
Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc.
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23May73 (in notice: 1972); LP44560.


LP44561.

No hearts, no flowers. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP44561.


LP44562.

Cop of the year. Universal Studios. Produced in association with Talent
Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc.
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Nov72; LP44562.


LP44563.

Blues for Sally M. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Oct72; LP44563.


LP44564.

Night of the wizard. Universal Studios. Produced in association with
Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Sep72; LP44564.


LP44565.

A Black day for Bluebeard. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Snoop sisters) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 19Mar74; LP44565.


LP44566.

The Devil made me do it! Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Snoop sisters) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 5Mar74; LP44566.


LP44567.

Fear is a free-throw. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Snoop sisters) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 29Jan74; LP44567.


LP44568.

A Wheelbarrow full of trouble. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Faraday and Company) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 24Oct73; LP44568.


LP44569.

Say hello to a dead man. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Faraday and Company) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 21Sep73; LP44569.


LF44570.

Fire and ice. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Talent Associates & Norton Simon, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Faraday and Company) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
12Dec73; LP44570.


LP44571.

Man running. Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Tenafly) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Dec73; LP44571.


LP44572.

Cash and carry caper. Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Tenafly) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Oct73; LP44572.


LP44573.

The Window that wasn’t. Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Tenafly) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Nov73; LP44573.


LP44574.

Joyride to nowhere. Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Tenafly) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Oct73; LP44574.


LP44575.

West Valley division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Adam-12) Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 1Oct73;
LP44575.


LP44576.

If the shoe fits. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 10Dec73; LP44576.


LP44577.

Hot shot. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12) Appl. au:
Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 22Oct73; LP44577.


LP44578.

Training division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 5Nov73; LP44578.


LP44579.

Harbor division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 10Sep73; LP44579.


LP44580.

Van Nuys division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 29Oct73; LP44580.


LP44581.

Capture. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12) Appl. au:
Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 12Nov73; LP44581.


LP44582.

Northeast division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 3Dec73; LP44582.


LP44583.

Southwest division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 17Dec73; LP44583.


LP44584.

Hollywood division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 21Nov73; LP44584.


LP44585.

Foothill division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 24Sep73; LP44585.


LP44586.

Venice division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 8Oct73; LP44586.


LP44587.

Rampart division. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 26 min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Adam-12)
Appl. au: Adam-12 Productions. © Adam-12 Productions; 17Sep73; LP44587.


LP44588.

Malizia. Clesi Cinematografica, S.P.A. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add. ti: Malice. NM: English
subtitles & other new matter. © Clesi Cinematografica, S.P.A.; 31Dec73;
LP44588.


LP44589.

Mike and Gloria mix it up. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 3Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP44589.


LP44590.

The Debutante ball. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44590.


LP44591.

Edith’s conversion. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 8Nov73; LP44591.


LP44592.

Archie in the cellar. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 14Nov73; LP44592.


LP44593.

Archie’s helping hand. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 17Oct74; LP44593.


LP44594.

Lionel’s engagement. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 7Feb74; LP44594.


LP44595.

Amelia’s divorce. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 21Jan75; LP44595.


LP44596.

Edith’s friend. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 19Feb75; LP44596.


LP44597.

Former neighbors. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in association
with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Jeffersons) ©
T.A.T. Communications Company; 26Mar75; LP44597.


LP44598.

Like father, like son. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in
association with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The
Jeffersons) © T.A.T. Communications Company; 2Apr75; LP44598.


LP44599.

Meet the press. T.A.T. Communications Company. Produced in association
with NRW Productions. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Jeffersons) ©
T.A.T. Communications Company; 11Mar75; LP44599.


LP44600.

Julio and sister and nephew. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe
and son, created by Ray Galton & Alan Simpson. © Tandem Productions,
Inc.; 5Nov74; LP44600.


LP44601.

To steal a king. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
15Nov72; LP44601.


LP44602.

A Million the hard way. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 1Nov72; LP44602.


LP44603.

The Two million clams of Cap’n Jack. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 7Feb73; LP44603.


LP44604.

The Greatest collection of them all. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Banacek) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 24Jan73; LP44604.


LP44605.

No sign of the cross. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 11Oct72; LP44605.


LP44606.

Project phoenix. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
27Sep72; LP44606.


LP44607.

Ten thousand dollars a page. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 10Jan73; LP44607.


LP44608.

Requiem for Methuselah. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) Appl. au: Paramount Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation & Norway Corporation; 31Jan69; LP44608.


LP44609.

The Challengers. Universal-Public Arts Productions. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal-Public Arts
Productions; 20Feb70 (in notice: 1968); LP44609.


LP44610.

A Full life. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44610.


LP44611.

Publish or perish. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44611.


LP44612.

Night crawler. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Hernandez: Houston P.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc.
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Jan73; LP44612.


LP44613.

Portrait: The Woman I love. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Dec72;
LP44613.


LP44614.

Portrait: A Man whose name was John. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Produced in association with R.B. Productions, Ltd., Groverton
Productions, Ltd. & Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Apr73; LP44614.


LP44615.

Mind over mayhem. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 10Feb74; LP44615.


LP44616.

Swan song. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 3Mar74; LP44616.


LP44617.

A Friend in deed. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5May74; LP44617.


LP44618.

Lovely but lethal. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Sep73; LP44618.


LP44619.

Any old port in a storm. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Oct73; LP44619.


LP44620.

Candidate for crime. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Nov73; LP44620.


LP44621.

Double exposure. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Columbo) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 16Dec73; LP44621.


LP44622.

No charity for the McAllisters. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City
Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Jan74; LP44622.


LP44623.

Each day a miracle. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Jan74; LP44623.


LP44624.

The Fear of silence. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Jan74; LP44624.


LP44625.

Angela’s nightmare. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Feb74; LP44625.


LP44626.

The Mugging. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Feb74; LP44626.


LP44627.

The Latch key child. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Feb74; LP44627.


LP44628.

Out of control. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Feb74; LP44628.


LP44629.

I’ve promised you a father. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City
Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Mar74; LP44629.


LP44630.

Designs. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 12Mar74; LP44630.


LP44631.

The Panic path. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Sep73; LP44631.


LP44632.

A Joyful song. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 18Sep73; LP44632.


LP44633.

For services rendered. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Sep73; LP44633.


LP44634.

Blood kin. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 2Oct73; LP44634.


LP44635.

The Light at the threshold. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City
Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Oct73; LP44635.


LP44636.

A Question of fault. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Oct73; LP44636.


LP44637.

Friends in high places. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Oct73; LP44637.


LP44638.

The Endless moment. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Oct73; LP44638.


LP44639.

The Tall tree. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Nov73; LP44639.


LP44640.

The Circles of shame. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Nov73; LP44640.


LP44641.

Nguyen. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 27Nov73; LP44641.


LP44642.

A Cry in the night. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Dec73; LP44642.


LP44643.

Death is only a side effect. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City
Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 18Dec73; LP44643.


LP44644.

The Comeback. Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Marcus Welby, M.D.) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Dec73; LP44644.


LP44645.

Father of the year. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 2Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP44645.


LP44646.

The Grass is always greener. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 27Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP44646.


LP44647.

54–40 and fight. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount Television. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 9Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP44647.


LP44648.

The Possible dream. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 13Feb70; LP44648.


LP44649.

The Hero. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association with
Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount Television. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
6Feb70; LP44649.


LP44650.

To move or not to move. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 20Feb70; LP44650.


LP44651.

The Undergraduate. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 9Jan70; LP44651.


LP44652.

Tiger! Tiger! Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount Television. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 16Jan70; LP44652.


LP44653.

Sorry, right number. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 7Nov69; LP44653.


LP44654.

Dear Libby. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association with
Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount Television. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
19Sep69; LP44654.


LP44655.

Is there a doctor in the house? Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced
in association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 12Dec69; LP44655.


LP44656.

Katchoo. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association with
Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount Television. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
10Oct69; LP44656.


LP44657.

Kittie Karry—all is missing. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 24Oct69; LP44657.


LP44658.

A-camping we will go. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 31Oct69; LP44658.


LP44659.

Every boy does it once. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 21Nov69; LP44659.


LP44660.

The Honeymoon. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount Television. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 12Sep69; LP44660.


LP44661.

A Club house is not a home. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady bunch) © Paramount
Pictures Corporation; 17Oct69; LP44661.


LP44662.

Intertect. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © QM Productions;
11Mar73; LP44662.


LP44663.

The Legend of Koo-Tan. Don Meier Films, Inc. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© Don Meier Films, Inc.; 22Feb73; LP44663.


LP44664.

If you want it done right. Roundtable Productions, Inc. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Add. ti: If you want something done right. © Roundtable
Productions, Inc.; 1Jun75; LP44664.


LP44665.

The Lost manuscript. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Made by Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University. 45 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 1Nov74; LP44665.


LP44666.

The Orphan and the dude. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 24 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 18Jul75; LP44666.


LP44667.

The Silverfish king. Films, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: J.
P. Saulter (pen name for John A. Sauer) © Pajon Arts; 8Feb74 (in notice:
1973); LP44667.


LP44668.

The Man from Button Willow. Animation Filmakers Corporation. 81 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Animation Filmakers Corporation; 2Feb75; LP44668.


LP44669.

The Tunnel. The Little Red Filmhouse. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Larry Klingman. © The Little Red Filmhouse & Larry Klingman d.b.a.
The Little Red Filmhouse; 1Jan75; LP44669.


LP44670.

Boston Tea Party. MG Animation, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Spirit
of ’76) © MG Animation, Inc.; 6Feb74; LP44670.


LP44671.

Nightwalker. Paul Miller. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Paul Miller;
26Mar75 (in notice: 1974); LP44671.


LP44672.

Carlo, the Sierra coyote. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973–1974) Based on the book,
Sierra outpost, by Lila Lofberg & David Malcomson. © Walt Disney
Productions; 1Feb74; LP44672.


LP44673.

Ringo, the refugee raccoon. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973–1974) © Walt Disney
Productions; 25Feb74; LP44673.


LP44674.

Fire on Kelly Mountain. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973–1974) Based on the book, The
Mallory burn, by Pete Pomeroy. © Walt Disney Productions; 18Sep73;
LP44674.


LP44675.

The Proud bird from Shanghai. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973–1974) Based on the
book, The War lord, by Virginia C. Holmgren. © Walt Disney Productions;
7Dec73; LP44675.


LP44676.

Hog wild. Pt. 1. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973–1974) Based on the book by Julia
Ridle Mathieu. © Walt Disney Productions; 14Jan74; LP44676.


LP44677.

Hog wild. Pt. 2. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973–1974) Based on the book by Julia
Ridle Mathieu. © Walt Disney Productions; 22Jan74; LP44677.


LP44678.

The Whiz kid and the mystery at Riverton. Pt. 1. Walt Disney
Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney,
1973–1974) Based on the books by Clifford B. Hicks. © Walt Disney
Productions; 3Jan74; LP44678.


LP44679.

The Whiz kid and the mystery at Riverton. Pt. 2. Walt Disney
Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Wonderful world of Disney,
1973–1974) Based on the books by Clifford B. Hicks. © Walt Disney
Productions; 9Jan74; LP44679.


LP44680.

Mustang! Pt. 1. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973–1974) © Walt Disney Productions;
26Sep73; LP44680.


LP44681.

Mustang! Pt. 2. Walt Disney Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Wonderful world of Disney, 1973 – 1974) © Walt Disney Productions;
4Oct73; LP44681.


LP44682.

The Boston Tea Party. MG Animation, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Sam Hawkins stories) Prev. pub. 6Feb74. NM: addition. © MG Animation,
Inc.; 16Jan75; LP44682.


LP44683.

The Party shop. WBBM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in
cassette. © WBBM-TV; 11Feb75; LP44683.


LP44684.

The Bravos. Universal Studios. A Groverton-Universal production.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Movie of the
weekend) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 9Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP44684.


LP44685.

Etude for a kidnapper. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Jan74 (in notice:
1973); LP44685.


LP44686.

The Attacker. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44686.


LP44687.

A Killer with a badge. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Feb74 (in notice:
1973); LP44687.


LP44688.

House of friends. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
18Jan74; LP44688.


LP44689.

A Foreigner among us. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 1Feb74; LP44689.


LP44690.

Subject: the sterilization of Judy Simpson. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Produced in association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 15Feb74; LP44690.


LP44691.

The Break-in. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
1Mar74; LP44691.


LP44692.

I’ve promised you a father. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 8Mar74; LP44692.


LP44693.

To keep and bear arms. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 22Mar74; LP44693.


LP44694.

The Desertion of Keith Ryder. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 29Mar74; LP44694.


LP44695.

The Ghost of Buzz Stevens. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 5Apr74; LP44695.


LP44696.

A Lesson in loving. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Sep73; LP44696.


LP44697.

Once a lion. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 18Sep73; LP44697.


LP44698.

The Pool house. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Sep73; LP44698.


LP44699.

Sweet harvest. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Oct73; LP44699.


LP44700.

N is for nightmare. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Oct73; LP44700.


LP44701.

The Camerons are a special clan. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced
in association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Oct73; LP44701.


LP44702.

Poor children of Eve. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Oct73; LP44702.


LP44703.

The Sin of Susan Gentry. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Nov73; LP44703.


LP44704.

Child of Wednesday. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Nov73; LP44704.


LP44705.

Snatches of crazy song. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall,
counselor at law) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Dec73; LP44705.


LP44706.

The Prowler. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Dec73; LP44706.


LP44707.

The Second victim. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Owen Marshall, counselor at law) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 18Dec73; LP44707.


LP44708.

Night moves. Warner Brothers, Inc. A Warner Communications Company
presentation. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc.;
11Jun75; LP44708.


LP44709.

Doc Savage, the man of bronze. Warner Brothers, Inc. 100 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Kenneth Robeson. © Warner Brothers,
Inc.; 2May75; LP44709.


LP44710.

Hearts and minds. Rainbow Pictures Corporation. Distributed by Warner
Brothers. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: BBS Productions. NM:
compilation & additions. © Rainbow Pictures Corporation; 20Dec74;
LP44710.


LP44711.

Lepke. AmeriEuro Pictures Corporation. Distributed by Warner Brothers.
113 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © AmeriEuro Pictures
Corporation; 6Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44711.


LP44712.

Bug. William Castle Productions, Inc. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on The
Hephaestus plague, by Thomas Page. © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
18Apr75; LP44712.


LP44713.

Nashville. ABC Entertainment. Distributed by Paramount Pictures
Corporation. 160 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Appl. au:
Landscape Films, Inc. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 2Jun75;
LP44713.


LP44714.

White line fever. International Cinemedia Center. Released by Columbia
Pictures. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: The White Line Fever
Syndicate. © The White Line Fever Syndicate; 16Jul75; LP44714.


LP44715.

The Gamesters of Triskelton. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 5Jan68 (in
notice: 1967); LP44715.


LP44716.

Bread and circuses. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 1Mar68 (in
notice: 1967); LP44716.


LP44717.

Lucy and “The Boss of the Year” award. Desilu. Distributed by Paramount
Television. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lucy show) Based on the
book Life without George, by Irene Kampen. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 26Feb68; LP44717.


LP44718.

Obsession. Desilu. Produced in association with Norway Corporation. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au: Paramount Pictures
Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation;
1Dec67; LP44718.


LP44719.

The Trouble with tribbles. Desilu. Produced in association with Norway
Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) Appl. au: Paramount
Pictures Corporation. © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway
Corporation; 15Dec67; LP44719.


LP44720.

The Impractical joker. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 1Jan71 (in notice:
1970); LP44720.


LP44721.

Coming out party. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 15Jan71 (in notice:
1970); LP44721.


LP44722.

Tell it like it is. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 12Mar71 (in notice:
1970); LP44722.


LP44723.

The Immunity syndrome. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 5Jan68;
LP44723.


LP44724.

By any other name. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 9Feb68;
LP44724.


LP44725.

The Omega glory. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) ©
Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 16Feb68; LP44725.


LP44726.

The Ultimate computer. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) Add. ti: Ultimate computers. © Paramount Pictures Corporation &
Norway Corporation; 23Feb68; LP44726.


LP44727.

Assignment: Earth. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 15Mar68;
LP44727.


LP44728.

Plato’s stepchildren. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 8Nov68;
LP44728.


LP44729.

Whom gods destroy. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) Add. ti: Whom the gods destroy. © Paramount Pictures Corporation &
Norway Corporation; 3Jan69; LP44729.


LP44730.

The Lights of Zetar. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 17Jan69;
LP44730.


LP44731.

The Way to Eden. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star trek) ©
Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 7Feb69; LP44731.


LP44732.

The Cloud minders. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 14Feb69;
LP44732.


LP44733.

All our yesterdays. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 28Feb69;
LP44733.


LP44734.

Turnabout intruder. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Norway Corporation. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Star
trek) © Paramount Pictures Corporation & Norway Corporation; 20May69;
LP44734.


LP44735.

The Drummer boy. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady
Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 8Jan71; LP44735.


LP44736.

Where there’s smoke. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 8Jan71; LP44736.


LP44737.

Will the real Jan Brady please stand up. Paramount Pictures Corporation.
Produced in association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation;
14Jan71; LP44737.


LP44738.

Our son, the man. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 22Jan71; LP44738.


LP44739.

The Liberation of Marcia Brady. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced
in association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 29Jan71;
LP44739.


LP44740.

Lights out. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association with
Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady Bunch)
© Paramount Pictures Corporation; 5Feb71; LP44740.


LP44741.

The Winner. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association with
Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady Bunch)
© Paramount Pictures Corporation; 12Feb71; LP44741.


LP44742.

Double parked. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady
Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 19Feb71; LP44742.


LP44743.

Alice’s September song. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 26Feb71; LP44743.


LP44744.

The Dropout. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady
Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 11Sep70; LP44744.


LP44745.

The Babysitters. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady
Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 18Sep70; LP44745.


LP44746.

The Slumber caper. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 25Sep70; LP44746.


LP44747.

The Un-underground movie. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 2Oct70; LP44747.


LP44748.

Going, going steady. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 9Oct70; LP44748.


LP44749.

Call me irresponsible. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 16Oct70; LP44749.


LP44750.

The Treasure of Sierra Avenue. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced
in association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 23Oct70;
LP44750.


LP44751.

A Fistful of reasons. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 30Oct70; LP44751.


LP44752.

The Not-so-ugly duckling. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 6Nov70; LP44752.


LP44753.

The Tattle-tale. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady
Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 20Nov70; LP44753.


LP44754.

What goes up. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in association
with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Brady
Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 27Nov70; LP44754.


LP44755.

Confessions, confessions. Paramount Pictures Corporation. Produced in
association with Redwood Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Brady Bunch) © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 4Dec70; LP44755.


LP44756.

Plomo o amor. Una produccion del Proyecto de Educacion de Salud. 12
min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) Appl. au: College of Medicine and
Dentistry of New Jersey. © Health Education Project, College of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey (in notice: College of Medicine and
Dentistry of New Jersey); 5May75; LP44756.


LP44757.

The Deadly jinx. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 13Jan74; LP44757.


LP44758.

Friends till death. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Barnaby
Jones) © QM Productions; 17Feb74; LP44758.


LP44759.

The Loose connection. QM Productions. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Barnaby Jones) © QM Productions; 18Mar73; LP44759.


LP44760.

The Soap box derby scandal. Weston Woods Studios, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Bob Cihi Productions, Inc. © Weston Woods
a.a.d.o. Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 13Mar75; LP44760.


LP44761.

The Beast of Monsieur Racine. Weston Woods Studios, Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. From the book by Tomi Ungerer. © Weston Woods a.a.d.o.
Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 20Mar75 (in notice: 1974); LP44761.


LP44762.

The Peter principle: why things always go wrong. Salenger Educational
Media. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti: The Peter principle: why
things go wrong. Based on the book, The Peter principle, by Lawrence J.
Peter. © Salenger Educational Media; 5May75; LP44762.


LP44763.

The Merger. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe and son, created by
Ray Galton & Alan Simpson. © Tandem Productions, Inc. (in notice: Tandem
Production); 10Dec74; LP44763.


LP44764.

Tower power. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe and son, created by
Ray Galton & Alan Simpson. © Tandem Productions, Inc. (in notice: Tandem
Production); 27Nov74; LP44764.


LP44765.

MSCA awards. Animagination. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Karen
Nelson & Art Mawhinney. © Karen Nelson & Art Mawhinney d.b.a.
Animagination; 1Jun74; LP44765.


LP44766.

The Great blizzard. David Gerber Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Needles and pins, no. 9) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 21Dec73;
LP44766.


LP44767.

Fugitive from fear. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 5Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44767.


LP44768.

Look back in sorrow. National Geographic Society. Produced in
association with WQED and Carnegie Mellon University. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Decades of decision: the American Revolution) © National
Geographic Society; 20May75; LP44768.


LP44769.

Song of molasses. National Geographic Society. Produced in association
with WQED and Carnegie Mellon University. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Decades of decision: the American Revolution) © National Geographic
Society; 20May75; LP44769.


LP44770.

Mary Kate’s war. National Geographic Society. Produced in association
with WQED and Carnegie Mellon University. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Decades of decision: the American Revolution) © National Geographic
Society; 9Jun75; LP44770.


LP44771.

King’s Mountain. National Geographic Society. Produced in association
with WQED and Carnegie Mellon University. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Decades of decision: the American Revolution) © National Geographic
Society; 9Jun75; LP44771.


LP44772.

Equally free. National Geographic Society. Produced in association with
WQED and Carnegie Mellon University. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Decades of decision: the American Revolution) © National Geographic
Society; 9Jun75; LP44772.


LP44773.

Not worth a continental. National Geographic Society. Produced in
association with WQED and Carnegie Mellon University. 22 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Decades of decision: The American Revolution) © National
Geographic Society; 26Jun75; LP44773.


LP44774.

37–73. Richard Myers. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Richard Myers;
1Oct74; LP44774.


LP44775.

Deathstyles. Richard Myers. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Richard Myers;
15Nov71; LP44775.


LP44776.

Akran. Richard Myers. 120 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Richard Myers;
15Mar69; LP44776.


LP44777.

Deliver us from evil. Jina Productions, Inc. Released by Dimension
Pictures, Inc. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Jina Productions, Inc.;
18Jun75; LP44777.


LP44778.

The Streetwalker and the gentleman. Karl Frederick Cohen. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Karl Frederick Cohen; 25Jul75; LP44778.


LP44779.

Archie is cursed. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Dec73; LP44779.


LP44780.

Archie eats and runs. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Feb74; LP44780.


LP44781.

The Enlistment. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 27Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44781.


LP44782.

Everybody does it. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 2Feb75; LP44782.


LP44783.

Archie and the quiz. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death do us part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Feb75; LP44783.


LP44784.

Monty Python and the Holy Grail. Monty Python Pictures, Ltd. Distributed
by Cinema 5. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Python Pictures, Ltd.
© National Film Trustee Company, Ltd.; 3Apr75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44784.


LP44785.

The Apple Dumpling Gang. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena
Vista Distribution Company, Inc. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
the book by Jack M. Bickham. © Walt Disney Productions; 8Jul75; LP44785.


LP44786.

Juvenile justice: Why can’t I go home now? Trikon Productions. Produced
in cooperation with The San Diego County Probation Department & The San
Diego County Bar Association. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Trikon
Productions; 1Jul75; LP44786.


LP44787.

Jigsaw. Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 26Mar72; LP44787.


LP44788.

The Marcus-Nelson murders. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 132 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
8Mar73; LP44788.


LP44789.

Owen Marshall, counselor at law. A Groverton-Universal production.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Universal
City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Sep71; LP44789.


LP44790.

Double indemnity. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 12Oct73; LP44790.


LP44791.

The Story of Pretty Boy Floyd. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Public Arts, Inc. Distributed by Universal. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
7May74; LP44791.


LP44792.

Maneater. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by Universal. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Dec73;
LP44792.


LP44793.

Houston, we’ve got a problem. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
1Mar74; LP44793.


LP44794.

Cop in a cage. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); LP44794.


LP44795.

Messin’ around. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency Productions. ©
Emergency Productions; 10Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44795.


LP44796.

Inferno. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency Productions. ©
Emergency Productions; 3Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44796.


LP44797.

Live again, die again. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
15Feb74; LP44797.


LP44798.

The Chadwick family. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
17Mar74; LP44798.


LP44799.

Death race. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Nov73;
LP44799.


LP44800.

Money to burn. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal Studios. 80 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Oct73;
LP44800.


LP44801.

Skyway to death. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by Universal.
80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 18Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44801.


LP44802.

The Elevator. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by Universal. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 8Feb74 (in notice: 1973); LP44802.


LP44803.

Dead on his feet. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl.
au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Mar74;
LP44803.


LP44804.

The Only way out. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl.
au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7May74;
LP44804.


LP44805.

Mojo. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl. au: Universal
City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Mar74; LP44805.


LP44806.

Linda. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
2Nov73; LP44806.


LP44807.

Runaway. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
28Sep73; LP44807.


LP44808.

Scream, pretty Peggy. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 23Nov73; LP44808.


LP44809.

The Hard hours. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency Productions. ©
Emergency Productions; 31Jan74; LP44809.


LP44810.

The Floor brigade. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency
Productions. © Emergency Productions; 7Feb74; LP44810.


LP44811.

How green was my thumb. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency
Productions. © Emergency Productions; 24Jan74; LP44811.


LP44812.

Fools. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency Productions. ©
Emergency Productions; 17Jan74; LP44812.


LP44813.

Killdozer. Universal. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
1Feb74; LP44813.


LP44814.

A Cry in the wilderness. Universal. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC
suspense movie) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 26Mar74; LP44814.


LP44815.

Hitchhike! Universal. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
22Feb74; LP44815.


LP44816.

Heatwave! Universal. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC suspense movie)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
25Jan74; LP44816.


LP44817.

Girl in the river. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl.
au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
20Nov73; LP44817.


LP44818.

Knockover. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Nov73;
LP44818.


LP44819.

Seige of terror. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl.
au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
23Oct73; LP44819.


LP44820.

One for the morgue. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl.
au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Nov73;
LP44820.


LP44821.

Conspiracy of fear. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl.
au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
18Dec73; LP44821.


LP44822.

Web of death. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Oct73;
LP44822.


LP44823.

Requiem for a cop. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl.
au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
27Nov73; LP44823.


LP44824.

Dark Sunday. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Dec73;
LP44824.


LP44825.

The Corrupter. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Appl. au:
Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Dec73;
LP44825.


LP44826.

Eighteen hours of fear. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
19Feb74; LP44826.


LP44827.

Before the Devil knows. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
26Feb74; LP44827.


LP44828.

Therapy in dynamite. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
9Apr74; LP44828.


LP44829.

Marker to a dead bookie. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
15Jan74; LP44829.


LP44830.

Death is not a passing grade. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Kojak) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 29Jan74; LP44830.


LP44831.

Die before they wake. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
5Feb74; LP44831.


LP44832.

Deliver us some evil. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Kojak)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
12Feb74; LP44832.


LP44833.

Last rites for a dead priest. Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Kojak) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 22Jan74; LP44833.


LP44834.

Her name was Nancy. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 8Dec73; LP44834.


LP44835.

Elephant in a cage. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 24Nov73; LP44835.


LP44836.

Death by prescription. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 6Oct73; LP44836.


LP44837.

Isolate and destroy. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 22Dec73; LP44837.


LP44838.

Countdown to terror. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 17Nov73; LP44838.


LP44839.

Don’t call us, we’ll call you. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 20Oct73; LP44839.


LP44840.

Hammerlock. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
15Dec73; LP44840.


LP44841.

The Last ballad. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 10Nov73; LP44841.


LP44842.

Marked for murder. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 27Oct73; LP44842.


LP44843.

The Framing of Billy the Kid. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 29Sep73; LP44843.


LP44844.

Insomnia. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl.
au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 8Nov73; LP44844.


LP44845.

Understanding. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 13Dec73;
LP44845.


LP44846.

Promise. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl.
au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 29Nov73; LP44846.


LP44847.

An English visitor. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 11Oct73;
LP44847.


LP44848.

Inheritance tax. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 15Nov73;
LP44848.


LP44849.

Computer error. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 20Dec73;
LP44849.


LP44850.

Body language. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 6Dec73;
LP44850.


LP44851.

Heavyweight. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 18Oct73;
LP44851.


LP44852.

The Old engine. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 27Sep73;
LP44852.


LP44853.

Frequency. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl.
au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 20Sep73; LP44853.


LP44854.

The Promotion. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!)
Appl. au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 1Nov73;
LP44854.


LP44855.

Zero. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl.
au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 22Nov73; LP44855.


LP44856.

Snake bite. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl.
au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 25Oct73; LP44856.


LP44857.

Alley cat. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl.
au: Emergency Productions. © Emergency Productions; 4Oct73; LP44857.


LP44858.

One A.M. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation. Released
by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie Chaplin
comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon Pictures
Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65; LP44858.


LP44859.

The Immigrant. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 17Sep65; LP44859.


LP44860.

The Rink. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 17Sep65; LP44860.


LP44861.

Mabel at the wheel. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film
Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions.
© Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65;
LP44861.


LP44862.

The Pawnshop. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65; LP44862.


LP44863.

Dough and dynamite. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film
Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions.
© Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65;
LP44863.


LP44864.

The Cure. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65; LP44864.


LP44865.

The Tramp. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65; LP44865.


LP44866.

A Night at the show. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film
Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions.
© Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65;
LP44866.


LP44867.

Easy Street. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 17Sep65; LP44867.


LP44868.

Police. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation. Released
by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie Chaplin
comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon Pictures
Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65; LP44868.


LP44869.

The Vagabond. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 17Sep65; LP44869.


LP44870.

The Bank. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 29Nov65; LP44870.


LP44871.

The Floorwalker. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 7Jun66 (in notice:
1965); LP44871.


LP44872.

The Champion. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 18Feb66 (in notice:
1965); LP44872.


LP44873.

Work. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation. Released by
Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie Chaplin comedy
theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon Pictures
Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 14Feb66 (in notice: 1965);
LP44873.


LP44874.

Shanghaied. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 2Aug66 (in notice:
1965); LP44874.


LP44875.

Tillie’s punctured romance. Pt. 1. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax
Film Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions &
revisions. © Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation;
25Mar66 (in notice: 1965); LP44875.


LP44876.

The Woman. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 1Mar66 (in notice:
1965); LP44876.


LP44877.

The Count. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 21Jun66 (in notice:
1965); LP44877.


LP44878.

Behind the screen. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film
Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions.
© Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 6Jul66 (in
notice: 1965); LP44878.


LP44879.

Tillie’s punctured romance. Pt. 2. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax
Film Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions &
revisions. © Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation;
25Mar66 (in notice: 1965); LP44879.


LP44880.

The Jitney elopement. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film
Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions.
© Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 6Jun66 (in
notice: 1965); LP44880.


LP44881.

The Fireman. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 2Jun66 (in notice:
1965); LP44881.


LP44882.

His trysting place. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film
Corporation. Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Charlie Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions.
© Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 7Jun66 (in
notice: 1965); LP44882.


LP44883.

The Adventurer. Elcon Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation.
Released by Prime T. V. Films. 26 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Charlie
Chaplin comedy theatre) NM: compilation, additions & revisions. © Elcon
Pictures Corporation & Wellmax Film Corporation; 6Jul66 (in notice:
1965); LP44883.


LP44884.

Scorpio. Mirisch Productions, Inc. A Scimitar Films production. Released
by United Artists Corporation. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United
Artists Corporation; 15Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP44884.


LP44885.

The Return of the Pink Panther. Jewel Productions, Ltd. & Pimlico Films,
Ltd. Released by United Artists Corporation. 113 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. Appl. au: Independent Television Corporation & others.
© United Artists Corporation; 9Mar75; LP44885.


LP44886.

Love and death. Jack Rollins-Charles H. Joffe Productions. Released by
United Artists. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Jack
Rollins-Charles H. Joffe Productions; 9Jun75; LP44886.


LP44887.

Rock-a-bye maybe. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United
Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Dogfather) © United
Artists Corporation; 23Apr75 (in notice: 1974); LP44887.


LP44888.

Sharks’ treasure. Symbol Productions, Inc. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation;
14Feb75 (in notice: 1974); LP44888.


LP44889.

Rancho deluxe. E. K. Corporation. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation;
26Feb75 (in notice: 1974); LP44889.


LP44890.

Man of the East. PEA Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S. & Les
Productions Artistes Associes, S.A. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 117 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Techniscope. © United Artists
Corporation; 30Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP44890.


LP44891.

The Wilby conspiracy. Baum-Dantine. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the
novel by Peter Driscoll. Appl. au: Optimus Productions, Ltd. & United
Artists Corporation; 6Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44891.


LP44892.

Eagle beagles. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc. Produced in association
with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United Artists
Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Dogfather) © United Artists
Corporation; 5May75; LP44892.


LP44893.

From nags to riches. DePatie-Freleng Enterprises, Inc. Produced in
association with the Mirisch-Cinema Company, Inc. Released by United
Artists Corporation, 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Dogfather) © United
Artists Corporation; 5May75; LP44893.


LP44894.

The Devil’s rain. Bryanston Distributors, Inc. 85 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Bryanston Distributors, Inc.; 18Jun75; LP44894.


LP44895.

All the lonely people. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Griff) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 13Oct73; LP44895.


LP44896.

Propinquity. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency Productions. ©
Emergency Productions; 14Feb74; LP44896.


LP44897.

Inventions. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Emergency!) Appl. au: Emergency Productions. ©
Emergency Productions; 21Mar74; LP44897.


LP44898.

Diamonds on wheels. Walt Disney Productions, Ltd. 85 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Based on a book by Pierre Castex. © Walt Disney Productions,
Ltd., a subsidiary of Walt Disney Productions; 18Jul73 (in notice:
1972); LP44898.


LP44899.

Diamonds on wheels. Pt. 1. Walt Disney Productions, Ltd. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Wonderful world of Disney. 1973 – 1974) Based on
Nightmare rally, by Pierre Castex. NM: additions. © Walt Disney
Productions, Ltd., a subsidiary of Walt Disney Productions; 6Mar74 (in
notice: 1972); LP44899.


LP44900.

Diamonds on wheels. Pt. 3. Walt Disney Productions, Ltd. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Wonderful world of Disney, 1973 – 1974) Based on
Nightmare rally, by Pierre Castex. NM: additions. © Walt Disney
Productions, Ltd., a subsidiary of Walt Disney Productions; 20Mar74 (in
notice: 1972); LP44900.


LP44901.

Diamonds on wheels. Pt. 2. Walt Disney Productions, Ltd. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Wonderful world of Disney, 1973 – 1974) Based on
Nightmare rally, by Pierre Castex. NM: additions. © Walt Disney
Productions, Ltd., a subsidiary of Walt Disney Productions; 15Mar74 (in
notice: 1972); LP44901.


LP44902.

The Fourth sex. Pt. 1. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 8Sep75; LP44902.


LP44903.

The Fourth sex. Pt. 2. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 15Sep75; LP44903.


LP44904.

Good to see you again, Alice Cooper. Penthouse Productions, Ltd. & The
Creative Coalition, Inc. Produced in cooperation with Alive Enterprises.
89 min., sd., color and b & w, 35 mm. NM: compilation. © The Creative
Coalition, Inc.; 14Jun74; LP44904.


LP44905.

The Man from Painted Post. Boltons Trading Corporation. 48 min., sd., b
& w, 16 mm. NM: additions & revisions. © Boltons Trading Corporation;
21Dec74; LP44905.


LP44906.

The Half-breed. Boltons Trading Corporation. 48 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
NM: additions & revisions. © Boltons Trading Corporation; 19Dec74;
LP44906.


LP44907.

The Stand-ins. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe and son, created
by Ray Galton & Alan Simpson. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 7Jan75 (in
notice: 1974); LP44907.


LP44908.

Golden boy. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe and son, created by
Ray Galton & Alan Simpson. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Jan75 (in
notice: 1974); LP44908.


LP44909.

Smile. Two Roads Productions, Inc. Distributed by United Artists
Corporation. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation;
16Apr75 (in notice: 1974); LP44909.


LP44910.

Cleopatra Jones and the casino of gold. Shaw Brothers (Hong Kong) Ltd.
Released by Warner Brothers, Inc. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc. & Shaw Brothers (Hong Kong) Ltd.;
4Jul75; LP44910.


LP44911.

One of our dinosaurs is missing. Walt Disney Productions, Ltd.
Distributed by Buena Vista Distribution Company, Inc. 94 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the novel, The Great dinosaur robbery, by David
Forrest. © Walt Disney Productions, Ltd.; 8Jul75; LP44911.


LP44912.

The Drowning pool. Coleytown Productions, Inc. Distributed by Warner
Brothers. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novel
by Ross McDonald. © Coleytown Productions, Inc., The First Artists
Production Company, Ltd. & Warner Brothers, Inc.; 20Jun75; LP44912.


LP44913.

Angel and Big Joe. Learning Corporation of America. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Learning to be human) © Learning Corporation of America;
18Sep75; LP44913.


LP44914.

The Boy who liked deer. Learning Corporation of America. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Learning to be human) © Learning Corporation of America;
18Sep75; LP44914.


LP44915.

Undercovers hero. Charter Film Productions, Ltd. Distributed by United
Artists. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Charter Film Productions, Ltd.;
24Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44915.


LP44916.

Ventricular defibrillation. Medex International, Inc. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (American College of Physicians medical
skills library) Appl. au: American College of Physicians. © American
College of Physicians; 1Apr75; LP44916.


LP44917.

Peter rises again. Creative Cartoon Company. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Charles Thompson. © C.C.C. a.a.d.o. the Creative Cartoon
Company; 1Aug75; LP44917.


LP44918.

Murder of mercy. QM Productions. 90 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © QM
Productions; 10Apr74; LP44918.


LP44919.

No hiding place. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 29Sep75; LP44919.


LP44920.

Torment. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM TV. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 22Sep75; LP44920.


LP44921.

Open contract. A Carnan-Becker production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 21Sep75;
LP44921.


LP44922.

Wheels of death. A Carnan-Becker production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 28Sep75; LP44922.


LP44923.

Rollerball. Algonquin Films, Ltd. Distributed by United Artists
Corporation. 123 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation;
10Jun75; LP44923.


LP44924.

In celebration. The Ely Landau Organization, Inc. & Cinevision, Ltee.
Released by AFT Distributing Corporation. 131 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Appl. au: ELO 1974–75 Productions, Inc. © AFT Distributing Corporation;
31Dec74; LP44924.


LP44925.

The Man in the glass booth. The Ely Landau Organization, Inc. &
Cinevision, Ltee. Released by AFT Distributing Corporation. 117 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: ELO 1974 – 75 Productions, Inc. © AFT
Distributing Corporation; 31Dec74; LP44925.


LP44926.

The Fortune. Gelderse Belleggingsmaatschappij, N.V. Distributed by
Columbia. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Gelderse
Belleggingsmaatschappij, N.V.; 19May75 (in notice: 1974); LP44926.


LP44927.

Pistole. Bagwell Film Productions, Inc. 84 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on a story by William P. Bagwell. Appl. au: William P. Bagwell. ©
Bagwell Film Productions, Inc.; 27Jul75; LP44927.


LP44928.

The Master gunfighter. Billy Jack Enterprises. Released by
Taylor-Laughlin Distribution Company. 125 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Appl. au: Avondale Productions, Inc. © Avondale Productions,
Inc.; 29Aug75; LP44928.


LP44929.

The Velvet knife. An Alfra production. Produced in association with MGM
TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical Center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 6Oct75; LP44929.


LP44930.

The Deadly tower. MGM TV. 98 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 18Oct75; LP44930.


LP44931.

Echo of danger. A Carnan-Baker production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 12Oct75;
LP44931.


LP44932.

The Gauntlet. A Carnan-Baker production. Produced in association
with MGM TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 5Oct75;
LP44932.


LP44933.

Hearts of the West. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. 102 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 8Oct75; LP44933.


LP44934.

My darling daughters’ anniversary. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced
in association with Groverton Productions, Ltd. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC movie of the
week) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Nov73; LP44934.


LP44935.

Trapped. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (ABC movie of the week) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 14Nov73; LP44935.


LP44936.

Scar tissue. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 106
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hec Ramsey) Appl. au; Hec Ramsey Productions.
© Hec Ramsey Productions; 10Mar74 (in notice: 1973); LP44936.


LP44937.

Dead heat. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal. 106
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hec Ramsey) Appl. au: Hec Ramsey Productions.
© Hec Ramsey Productions; 3Feb74; LP44937.


LP44938.

Horse of a slightly different color. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 22Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44938.


LP44939.

The Vanishing chalice. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 15Jan74 (in notice: 1973); LP44939.


LP44940.

A Hard road to vengeance. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hec Ramsey) Appl. au: Hec
Ramsey Productions. © Hec Ramsey Productions; 25Nov73; LP44940.


LP44941.

The Detroit connection. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hec Ramsey) Appl. au: Hec Ramsey
Productions. © Hec Ramsey Productions; 30Dec73; LP44941.


LP44942.

If Max is so smart, why doesn’t he tell us where he is? Universal City
Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Banacek) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Nov73; LP44942.


LP44943.

The Three million dollar piracy. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 21Nov73; LP44943.


LP44944.

No stone unturned. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
3Oct73; LP44944.


LP44945.

Fly me, if you can find me. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 19Feb74; LP44945.


LP44946.

Rocket to oblivion. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
12Feb74; LP44946.


LP44947.

Now you see me, now you don’t. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed
by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Banacek) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 12Mar74; LP44947.


LP44948.

Family honor. Rocinante Productions, Ltd. Released by Cinerama Releasing
Corporation. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Rocinante Productions, Ltd.;
21Mar73 (in notice: 1972); LP44948.


LP44949.

Babe. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. Produced in association with MGM-TV. 98
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 23Oct75; LP44949.


LP44950.

The Headache. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe and son, created by
Ray Galton & Alan Simpson. © Tandem Productions, Inc. (in notice: Tandem
Production); 11Feb75 (in notice: 1974); LP44950.


LP44952.

Rabbit, run. Warner Brothers, Inc., Solitaire Productions, Inc. &
Worldcross Productions, Inc. Distributed by Warner Brothers, Inc. 94
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on John Updike’s novel. ©
Warner Brothers, Inc., Solitaire Productions, Inc. & Worldcross
Productions, Inc.; 28Oct70; LP44952.


LP44953.

Day for night. Les Films Du Carrosse, S.A., P.C.E.F. & P.I.C.
Distributed by Warner Brothers. 116 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Prev. pub. 24May73. NM: additional vocal material (including
translation) © Les Films du Carrosse, S.A.; 7Oct73; LP44953.


LP44954.

Rendezvous with Anne. Candid Image, Inc. 100 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Candid Image, Inc.; 9Jun75; LP44954.


LP44955.

The Sun gave man the power. Sun Foundation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Robert & Joan Ericksen. © Sun Foundation; 28Jul75; LP44955.


LP44956.

Anything you want to be. San Antonio Independent School District.
Produced in collaboration with the Bilingual Development Center, San
Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning
Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 15Jun75; LP44956. (Copyright claimed until
1985)


LP44957.

Other people at school. San Antonio Independent School District.
Produced in collaboration with the Bilingual Development Center, San
Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning
Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 15Jun75; LP44957. (Copyright claimed until
1985)


LP44958.

Being part of a family. San Antonio Independent School District.
Produced in collaboration with the Bilingual Development Center, San
Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning
Associates, 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 15Jun75; LP44958. (Copyright claimed until
1985)


LP44959.

Temores. San Antonio Independent School District. Produced in
collaboration with the Bilingual Development Center, San Antonio
Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. 7
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio Independent
School District; 15Jun75; LP44959. (Copyright claimed until 1985)


LP44960.

Conque tienes un problema? San Antonio Independent School District.
Produced in collaboration with the Bilingual Development Center, San
Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning
Associates. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 15Jun75; LP44960. (Copyright claimed until
1985)


LP44961.

Everything is changing. San Antonio Independent School District.
Produced in collaboration with the Bilingual Development Center, San
Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning
Associates. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio
Independent School District; 15Jun75; LP44961. (Copyright claimed until
1985)


LP44962.

Mi barrio. San Antonio Independent School District. Produced in
collaboration with the Bilingual Development Center, San Antonio
Independent School District. Made by Sutherland Learning Associates. 7
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Project Bilingual) © San Antonio Independent
School District; 15Jun75; LP44962. (Copyright claimed until 1985)


LP44964.

The Puritan experience: Making a new world. A Richard Marquand
production for Learning Corporation of America. 31 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (American history) © Learning Corporation of America; 30Oct75;
LP44964.


LP44965.

The Puritan experience: Forsaking England. A Richard Marquand production
for Learning Corporation of America. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(American history) © Learning Corporation of America; 30Oct75; LP44965.


LP44966.

Freefall to terror. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Talent Associates-Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Nov73; LP44966.


LP44967.

The Devil, you say. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Talent Associates-Norton Simon, Inc. © Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm, (McMillan and wife) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Oct73; LP44967.


LP44968.

Death of a monster, birth of a legend. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Produced in association with Talent Associates-Norton Simon, Inc. &
Universal Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(McMillan and wife) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Sep73; LP44968.


LP44969.

Reunion in terror. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Talent Associates-Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal Studios.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan and wife) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Jan74; LP44969.


LP44970.

Cross and double cross. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates-Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal
Studios, Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan
and wife) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Feb74; LP44970.


LP44971.

The Man without a face. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Talent Associates-Norton Simon, Inc. & Universal
Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan
and wife) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Jan74 (in notice: 1973);
LP44971.


LP44972.

The Rangers. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere)
Appl. au: The Rangers Productions. © The Rangers Productions; 24Dec74;
LP44972.


LP44973.

The Invisible man. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 2May75; LP44973.


LP44974.

The Greatest gift. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 4Nov75 (in notice: 1974); LP44974.


LP44975.

Sarah T.—portrait of a teenage alcoholic. Universal City Studios, Inc.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Feb75; LP44975.


LP44976.

McCoy—the big ripoff. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 11Mar75; LP44976.


LP44977.

One of our own. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 3May75; LP44977.


LP44978.

The Law. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by MCA-TV. 132 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
18Oct74; LP44978.


LP44979.

Ellery Queen. A Fairmont-Foxcroft production. Produced in association
with Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(World premiere) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 23Mar75; LP44979.


LP44980.

This is the West that was. Public Arts. Produced in association with
Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World
premiere) Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 17Dec74; LP44980.


LP44981.

Target risk. Public Arts. Produced in association with Universal.
Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere)
Appl. au: Universal City Studios, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
31Dec74; LP44981.


LP44982.

The Solid gold swingers. Universal City Studios, Inc. Distributed by
MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McCloud) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 2Dec73; LP44982.


LP44983.

Butch Cassidy rides again. Universal City Studios, Inc. 106 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Oct73;
LP44983.


LP44984.

This must be the Alamo. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Mar74;
LP44984.


LP44985.

A Cowboy in Paradise. Universal City Studios, Inc. 106 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Jan74; LP44985.


LP44986.

The Colorado cattle caper. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (McCloud) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Feb74;
LP44986.


LP44987.

The Specialists. Mark 7, Ltd. & Universal. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) Appl. au: Vector Productions.
© Vector Productions; 6Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44987.


LP44988.

Griff. Universal City Studios, Inc. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Jun75 (in notice: 1974); LP44988.


LP44989.

The Family way. Boulting Brothers. Distributed by Warner Brothers
Pictures. 115 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From Bill Naughton’s play, All in
good time. Appl. au: Janbox, Ltd. © Janbox, Ltd. & Boulting Brothers;
28Jun67 (in notice: 1966); LP44989.


LP44990.

Dog day afternoon. An Artists Entertainment Complex production.
Distributed by Warner Brothers, Inc. 129 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
upon a magazine article by P. F. Kluge & Thomas Moore. © Warner
Brothers, Inc.; 21Sep75; LP44990.


LP44991.

Lisztomania. Goodtimes Enterprises. Released by Warner Brothers. 106
min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Appl. au: Visual Programme
Systems, Ltd. © Visual Programme Systems, Ltd.; 10Oct75; LP44991.


LP44992.

And the horse jumped over the Moon. Leonard Freeman Productions.
Produced in association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 5Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
LP44992.


LP44993.

6,000 deadly tickets. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 12Mar75 (in notice: 1974); LP44993.


LP44994.

Hit gun for sale. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 5Feb75 (in notice: 1974); LP44994.


LP44995.

Diary of a gun. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 25Feb75 (in notice: 1974); LP44995.


LP44996.

The Hostage. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association with
the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O)
© CBS, Inc.; 20Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44996.


LP44997.

Small witness, large crime. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 22Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP44997.


LP44998.

A Hawaiian nightmare. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 13Aug74; LP44998.


LP44999.

Presenting in the center ring, murder. Leonard Freeman Productions.
Produced in association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 4Dec74; LP44999.


LP45000.

Bone of contention. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 18Dec74; LP45000.


LP45001.

Steal now, pay. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) Add. ti: Steal now, pay later. © CBS, Inc.; 25Sep74; LP45001.


LP45002.

The Young assassins. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 30Aug74; LP45002.


LP45003.

I’ll kill ’em again. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 12Sep74; LP45003.


LP45004.

The Two-faced corpse. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 16Sep74; LP45004.


LP45005.

We hang our own. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug74; LP45005.


LP45006.

The Frontier experience. Learning Corporation of America. A Material
World production. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (American history series)
© Learning Corporation of America; 15Sep75; LP45006.


LP45007.

Right grave, wrong body. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © CBS, Inc.; 4Oct74; LP45007.


LP45008.

Study in rage. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association with
the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O)
© CBS, Inc.; 30Dec74; LP45008.


LP45009.

Ring of life. Leonard Freeman Productions. Produced in association with
the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O)
© CBS, Inc.; 15Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP45009.


LP45010.

Winterhawk. Charles B. Pierce Film Productions, Inc. Released by Howco
International Pictures. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Techniscope, ©
Charles B. Pierce Film Productions, Inc.; 28May75; LP45010.


LP45011.

Sodom and Gomorrah, the last seven days. Cinema 7, Inc. Released by
Mitchell Brothers Film Group. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Cinema 7,
Inc.; 3Sep75; LP45011.


LP45012.

Cry riot. National Geographic Society. Produced in association with
public television station WQED & Carnegie Mellon University. 33 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Decades of decision: the
American Revolution) © National Geographic Society; 30Jul75; LP45012.


LP45013.

George Washington: the making of a rebel. National Geographic Society.
Produced in association with public television station WQED & Carnegie
Mellon University. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Decades of decision: the American Revolution) © National Geographic
Society; 30Jul75; LP45013.


LP45014.

Children of the Campo. Franciscan Communications Center. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © The Holy Childhood Association; 10Oct75; LP45014.


LP45015.

Crunch bird 2. Crunch Bird Studios, Inc. 2 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Ted Petok. © Crunch Bird Studios, Inc.; 15Oct75; LP45015.


LP45016.

The Impossible truth. Albert Brooks. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Albert
Brooks; 22Sep75; LP45016.


LP45017.

Open heart surgery. Albert Brooks. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Albert
Brooks; 22Sep75; LP45017.


LP45018.

Hello from Albert. Albert Brooks. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti:
Hello from Albert Brooks. © Albert Brooks; 22Sep75; LP45018.


LP45019.

Barbapapa. Film no. 1. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 1Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45019.


LP45020.

Barbapapa. Film no. 2. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 2Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45020.


LP45021.

Barbapapa. Film no. 3. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 3Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45021.


LP45022.

Barbapapa. Film no. 4. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 4Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45022.


LP45023.

Barbapapa. Film no. 5. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 7Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45023.


LP45024.

Barbapapa. Film no. 6. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 8Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45024.


LP45025.

Barbapapa. Film no. 7. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 9Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45025.


LP45026.

Barbapapa. Film no. 8. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 10Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45026.


LP45027.

Barbapapa. Film no. 9. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 11Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45027.


LP45028.

Barbapapa. Film no. 10. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 14Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45028.


LP45029.

Barbapapa. Film no. 11. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 15Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45029.


LP45030.

Barbapapa. Film no. 12. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 16Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45030.


LP45031.

Barbapapa. Film no. 13. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 17Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45031.


LP45032.

Barbapapa. Film no. 14. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 18Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45032.


LP45033.

Barbapapa. Film no. 15. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 21Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45033.


LP45034.

Barbapapa. Film no. 16. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 22Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45034.


LP45035.

Barbapapa. Film no. 17. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 23Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45035.


LP45036.

Barbapapa. Film no. 18. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 24Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45036.


LP45037.

Barbapapa. Film no. 19. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 25Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45037.


LP45038.

Barbapapa. Film no. 20. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 28Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45038.


LP45039.

Barbapapa, Film no. 21. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 29Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45039.


LP45040.

Barbapapa. Film no. 22. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 30Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45040.


LP45041.

Barbapapa. Film no. 23. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 31Oct74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45041.


LP45042.

Barbapapa. Film no. 24. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 1Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45042.


LP45043.

Barbapapa. Film no. 25. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 4Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45043.


LP45044.

Barbapapa. Film no. 26. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 5Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45044.


LP45045.

Barbapapa. Film no. 27. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 6Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45045.


LP45046.

Barbapapa. Film no. 28. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 7Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45046.


LP45047.

Barbapapa. Film no. 29. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 8Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45047.


LP45048.

Barbapapa. Film no. 30. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 11Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45048.


LP45049.

Barbapapa. Film no. 31. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 12Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45049.


LP45050.

Barbapapa. Film no. 32. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 13Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45050.


LP45051.

Barbapapa. Film no. 33. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 14Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45051.


LP45052.

Barbapapa. Film no. 34. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 15Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45052.


LP45053.

Barbapapa. Film no. 35. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production, 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 18Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45053.


LP45054.

Barbapapa. Film no. 36. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 19Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45054.


LP45055.

Barbapapa. Film no. 37. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 20Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45055.


LP45056.

Barbapapa. Film no. 38. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 21Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45056.


LP45057.

Barbapapa. Film no. 39. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 22Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45057.


LP45058.

Barbapapa. Film no. 40. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 25Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45058.


LP45059.

Barbapapa. Film no. 41. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 26Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45059.


LP45060.

Barbapapa. Film no. 42. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 27Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45060.


LP45061.

Barbapapa. Film no. 44. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 29Nov74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45061.


LP45062.

Barbapapa. Film no. 45. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. © Annette Tison & Talus Taylor; 2Dec74 (in notice: 1973);
LP45062.


LP45063.

Barbapapa. Film no. 46. Polyscope. A Polytel co-production. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Annette Tison & Talus
Taylor. 3Dec74 (in notice: 1973); LP45063.


LP45064.

Hard times. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. 94 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 8Oct75; LP45064.


LP45065.

The Dragon flies. A Golden Harvest & The Movie Company, Pty. Ltd.
co-production. Distributed by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Golden Harvest & The Movie Company, Pty.
Ltd.; 18Jul75; LP45065.


LP45066.

Capone. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 101 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 16Apr75; LP45066.


LP45067.

The Terrorists. A Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation & Lion
International film. Distributed by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation; 26Nov74; LP45067.


LP45068.

French connection 2. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 119 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 21May75;
LP45068.


LP45069.

Terror. A Carnan-Becker production. Produced in association with MGM-TV.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) Appl. au: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
© Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 19Oct75; LP45069.


LP45070.

The Fifth victim. A Carnan-Becker production. Produced in association
with MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 26Oct75; LP45070.


LP45071.

Street girl. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 20Oct75;
LP45071.


LP45072.

The Price of a child. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 27Oct75; LP45072.


LP45073.

Salmon pink. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie Freleng. Released by
United Artists. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Pink Panther) ©
Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.; 25Jul75; LP45073.


LP45074.

Pink streaker. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie Freleng. Released by
United Artists. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Pink Panther) ©
Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.; 25Jul75; LP45074.


LP45075.

The E.S.P. spy. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Feb75; LP45075.


LP45076.

Return of the robot maker. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Jan75; LP45076.


LP45077.

Lost love. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Jan75; LP45077.


LP45078.

Steve Austin, fugitive. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Apr75; LP45078.


LP45079.

The Bionic woman. Pt. 1. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Mar75; LP45079.


LP45080.

Look alike. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Feb75; LP45080.


LP45081.

Outrage in Balinderry. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Mar75; LP45081.


LP45082.

The Bionic woman. Pt. 2. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Mar75; LP45082.


LP45083.

The Midas touch. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Nov74; LP45083.


LP45084.

The Deadly replay. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Nov74; LP45084.


LP45085.

The Pal-Mir escort. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Oct74; LP45085.


LP45086.

Pilot error. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Sep74; LP45086.


LP45087.

Act of piracy. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Nov74; LP45087.


LP45088.

Straight on ’til morning. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Nov74; LP45088.


LP45089.

The Pioneers. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Sep74; LP45089.


LP45090.

The Seven million dollar man. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Nov74; LP45090.


LP45091.

The Peeping blonde. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Dec74; LP45091.


LP45092.

Stranger in Broken Fork. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg,
by Martin Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Dec74; LP45092.


LP45093.

Anything you want to be. Liane Brandon. 8 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. ©
Liane Brandon; 19Jun71; LP45093.


LP45094.

You’re a good sport, Charlie Brown. United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
Produced in association with Charles M. Schulz Creative Associates. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United Feature Syndicate, Inc.; 28Oct75;
LP45094.


LP45095.

The Swineherd. Gyldendalske Boghandel, Nordisk Forlag, A.S. Released by
Weston Woods. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gyldendalske Boghandel,
Nordisk Forlag, A.S.; 5Dec74; LP45095.


LP45096.

Peeper. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 87 min., sd., color, 35
mm., Panavision. Based on the novel, Deadfall, by Keith Laumer. ©
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 24Sep75; LP45096.


LP45097.

Race with the Devil. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 88 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation; 2Jul75;
LP45097.


LP45098.

The Emergence of Vivian. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Jan75; LP45098.


LP45099.

Mrs. Naugatuck in love. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Feb75; LP45099.


LP45100.

Walter’s pride. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Feb75; LP45100.


LP45101.

Walter gets religion. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 27Feb75; LP45101.


LP45102.

The Cabin. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Maude)
© Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Mar75; LP45102.


LP45103.

Maude’s mother. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Mar75; LP45103.


LP45104.

My girl, Henrietta. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Good times) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 21Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
LP45104.


LP45105.

Too late for tomorrow. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV, 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 3Nov75; LP45105.


LP45106.

The Last performance. An Alfra production. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Medical center) Appl. au:
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 10Nov75; LP45106.


LP45107.

Line of fire. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.;
9Nov75; LP45107.


LP45108.

Short fuse. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. Produced in association with
MGM-TV. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Bronk) © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.;
2Nov75; LP45108.


LP45109.

The Over the hill gag. Tandem Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Sanford and son) Based on Steptoe and
son, created by Ray Galton & Alan Simpson. © Tandem Productions, Inc.
(in notice: Tandem Production); 4Mar75; LP45109.


LP45110.

The Last kamikaze. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association
with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Six million dollar man) Based on the novel, Cyborg, by Martin
Caidin. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP45110.


LP45111.

Taneha. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Six million dollar man) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Feb75 (in
notice: 1974); LP45111.


LP45112.

The Cross-country kidnap. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in
association with Silverton Productions, Inc. & Universal. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Six million dollar man) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
10Jan75 (in notice: 1974); LP45112.


LP45113.

Down a long and lonely river. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Kojak) Suggested by a book by Selwyn Raab. © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 19Mar74; LP45113.


LP45114.

The Tribe. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Movie of the week) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Dec74; LP45114.


LP45115.

The Log of the Black Pearl. Mark 7, Ltd. Produced in association with
Universal. 106 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World premiere) Appl. au: Black
Pearl Productions. © Black Pearl Productions; 4Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
LP45115.


LP45116.

Hale and Travail at Winged Foot. United States Golf Association. Made by
International Sports Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
United States Golf Association; 6Sep74; LP45116.


LP45117.

The Magic world of Whiselphasoon. Pajon Arts, Ltd. Distributed by Films,
Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pajon Arts, Ltd.; 10Sep75; LP45117.


LP45118.

The Sharecroppers. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 28Jan75 (in
notice: 1974); LP45118.


LP45119.

I have promises to keep. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 26Feb75;
LP45119.


LP45120.

The Busters. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 5Mar75; LP45120.


LP45121.

Hard labor. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 20Feb75; LP45121.


LP45122.

Brides and grooms. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 5Feb75;
LP45122.


LP45123.

The Guns of Cibola Blanca. Pt. 1. A CBS Television Network production.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
17Sep74; LP45123.


LP45124.

Matt Dillon must die. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 3Sep74;
LP45124.


LP45125.

The Fourth victim. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 23Oct74;
LP45125.


LP45126.

Island in the desert. Pt. 1. A CBS Television Network production. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
14Nov74; LP45126.


LP45127.

Island in the desert. Pt. 2. A CBS Television Network production. 60
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
19Nov74; LP45127.


LP45128.

In performance of duty. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 11Nov74;
LP45128.


LP45129.

The Hiders. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 31Dec74; LP45129.


LP45130.

The Tarnished badge. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 4Oct74;
LP45130.


LP45131.

The Guns of Cibola Blanca. Pt. 2. A CBS Television Network production.
60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
17Sep74; LP45131.


LP45132.

The Wiving. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 4Sep74; LP45132.


LP45133.

The Colonel. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 7Oct74; LP45133.


LP45134.

Thirty a month and found. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 27Sep74;
LP45134.


LP45135.

A Town in chains. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 9Sep74;
LP45135.


LP45136.

Wine, women and war. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Six million dollar man) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Oct73;
LP45136.


LP45137.

Sunshine. Universal City Studios, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Nov73 (in notice: 1974); LP45137.


LP45138.

Switch. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Mar75; LP45138.


LP45139.

Tom Sawyer. Universal City Studios, Inc. Produced in association with
Hal Roach International. Distributed by MCA-TV. 80 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Based on The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, by Mart Twain, pseud. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Mar73; LP45139.


LP45140.

The Cay. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Adapted from the book by Theodore Taylor. © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 21Oct74; LP45140.


LP45141.

Force five. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Mar75; LP45141.


LP45142.

Pete ‘n’ Tillie. Universal City Studios, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Mar74; LP45142.


LP45143.

Fools, females and fun. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Sep74; LP45143.


LP45144.

Big Foot—man or beast? American National Enterprises, Inc. A Rainbow
Adventure Film release. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American National
Enterprises, Inc.; 5Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP45144.


LP45145.

Business, what’s it all about? FilmFair Communications. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Add. ti: Business, what it’s all about. Appl. au:
FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 8Oct75; LP45145.


LP45146.

Money, what it’s worth. FilmFair Communications. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 8Oct75; LP45146.


LP45147.

The People versus Job Shattuck. A National Geographic Society
educational presentation in association with WQED & Carnegie Mellon
University. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Decades of decision: the
American Revolution) © National Geographic Society; 5Sep75; LP45147.


LP45148.

Black winter. A National Geographic Society educational presentation in
association with WQED & Carnegie Mellon University. 22 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Decades of decision: the American Revolution) © National
Geographic Society; 11Sep75; LP45148.


LP45149.

In all cases whatsoever. A National Geographic Society educational
presentation in association with WQED & Carnegie Mellon University. 35
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Decades of decision: the American Revolution)
© National Geographic Society: 23Sep75; LP45149.


LP45150.

To form a more perfect union. A National Geographic Society educational
presentation in association with WQED & Carnegie Mellon University. 33
min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Decades of decision: the American Revolution)
© National Geographic Society; 14Oct75; LP45150.


                                   LU


LU3694.

Friends. Frank S. Gyles. 10 min., color. © Frank S. Gyles; 8Jul75;
LU3694.


LU3695.

Inner city. Gregg G. Schiffner. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gregg G.
Schiffner & Linda Schiffner; 25Aug75; LU3695.


LU3696.

Breath: or, Give me five. Roy Anthony Royster. 60 min., sd., b & w,
videotape. © Roy Anthony Royster & Lillian D. Adams; 26Aug75; LU3696.


LU3697.

The Retaliator. Fred Paskiewicz & Jerry Leopaldi. 105 min., sd. © Fred
Paskiewicz & Jerry Leopaldi; 17Sep75; LU3697.


LU3698.

Theme for a minor character. Stephen Mohl. 10 min., sd. © Steve Mohl;
22Oct75; LU3698.


LU3699.

The Hat act. John Vasey Productions. 24 min., 16 mm. Appl. au: John
Vasey. © John Vasey Productions; 28Oct75; LU3699.


LU3700.

The Dogpond. Karlis Smiltens. 20 min., color, 8 mm. © Karlis Smiltens;
5Nov75; LU3700.


LU3701.

Das Blaue Licht. Leni Riefenstahl, 70 min., sd., 16 mm. Add. ti: The
Blue light. English & German. NM: revision & additions. © Leni
Riefenstahl Produktion; 7Nov75; LU3701.


LU3702.

Olympia. Pt. 1. Leni Riefenstahl. 119 min., sd., 16 mm. NM: revision &
additions. © Leni Riefenstahl Produktion; 7Nov75; LU3702.


LU3703.

Olympia. Pt. 2. Leni Riefenstahl. 96 min., sd., 16 mm. NM: revision &
additions. © Leni Riefenstahl Produktion; 7Nov75; LU3703.


LU3704.

Tiefland. Leni Riefenstahl. 98 min., sd., 16 mm. English & German. NM:
revision & additions. © Leni Riefenstahl Produktion; 7Nov75; LU3704.


LU3705.

Triumph des Willens. Leni Riefenstahl. 98 min., sd., 16 mm. Add. ti:
Triumph of the will. English & German. NM: revision & additions. © Leni
Riefenstahl Produktion; 7Nov75; LU3705.


LU3706.

The Baker’s dozen. Denis Maloney & Susan McCormick. 16 min., color, 16
mm. © Denis Maloney & Susan McCormick; 3Dec75; LU3706.


                                   MP


MP25957.

Season of fire. A Hamlin-Barney production. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Jerome Hamlin & John Barney. © Jerome Hamlin & John Barney (in
notice: A Hamlin-Barney production); 30May74 (in notice: 1973); MP25957.
(See also Season of fire; 30May73; MP28083)


MP27143.

City in the wilderness. A production of Stoumen Films of Los Angeles for
the Bicentennial Commission of Pennsylvania & the Bethlehem Area
American Bicentennial Committee. Distributed by Doubleday Multimedia,
division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Bethlehem Area Bicentennial Committee; 15Jul74; MP27143.


MP27144.

Coach John Ralston. Dale Carnegie and Associates, Inc. Made by Marsh
Lovrien Productions. 16 min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. © Dale Carnegie
and Associates, Inc.; 1Aug74; MP27144.


MP27145.

The Case of the incomplete pass. Aetna Life and Casualty. A Driver
Education Services presentation. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Driver
improvement series, unit 6) © Aetna Life and Casualty; 26Mar75; MP27145.


MP27146.

I can be a winner behind the wheel. Aetna Life and Casualty. A Driver
Education services presentation. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Driver
improvement series, unit 5) © Aetna Life and Casualty; 26Mar75 (in
notice: 1974); MP27146.


MP27147.

The Case of the weaver with the monkey on his back. Aetna Life and
casualty. A Driver Education Services presentation. 29 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Driver improvement series, unit 3) © Aetna life and Casualty;
26Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP27147.


MP27148.

The Case of the driver who wouldn’t compromise. Aetna Life and Casualty.
A Driver Education Services presentation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Driver improvement series, unit 4) © Aetna Life and Casualty; 26Mar75
(in notice: 1974); MP27148.


MP27149.

Blood gases. Pt. 1. Fairview General Hospital. 30 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Update clinical nursing) © Fairview
General Hospital; 1May75; MP27149.


MP27150.

Juvenile court. Zipporah Films, Inc. 144 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Frederick Wiseman. © Updoc Films, Inc.; 1Oct73; MP27150.


MP27151.

Primate. Zipporah Films, Inc. 105 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Frederick Wiseman. © Primate Films, Inc.; 5Dec74; MP27151.


MP27152.

Introduction to the interpretation of bone marrow sections. American
Society of Clinical Pathologists, Division of Educational Media
services. 23 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Professional education series) Appl. au: Thomas F. Dutcher. © American
Society of Clinical Pathologists; 1Apr75; MP27152.


MP27153.

99 days to survival. CBS News. Produced in association with The
Smithsonian Institution. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Smithsonian
adventure with Wally Schirra) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Oct72 (in notice: 1971);
MP27153.


MP27154.

New York, New York. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS News
special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP27154.


MP27155.

What price peace? CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News
special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 29Oct72; MP27155.


MP27156.

What’s new at school? CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS News
special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Apr72; MP27156.


MP27157.

Misunderstanding China. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS News
special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Feb72; MP27157.


MP27158.

This man Brezhnev. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS News
special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Jun73; MP27158.


MP27159.

The American Revolution: 1770 – 1783, The Last king of America. CBS
News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS News special) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Jun73;
MP27159.


MP27160.

On the road with Charles Kuralt. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(CBS News special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Aug73; MP27160.


MP27161.

Two family portraits. Pt. 1: We’re OK in Brick, New Jersey. CBS News. 60
min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30May73;
MP27161.


MP27162.

Watergate and the President. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
News special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Aug73; MP27162.


MP27163.

The Senate and the Watergate affair. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS News special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13May73; MP27163.


MP27164.

Think tall! Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 2nd
ed. of Beginning good posture habits. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 7Apr75;
MP27164.


MP27165.

Effective communication: better choice of words. Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. of Better choice of words. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 5May75; MP27165.


MP27166.

The Playful pandas. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Mar75; MP27166.


MP27167.

The Fun of making friends. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd. ed. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Mar75; MP27167.


MP27168.

IMS/VS application programming for teleprocessing. International
Business Machines Corporation. 2 motion pictures (13 min. & 25 min.),
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassettes. (Independent study program)
© International Business Machines Corporation, (accepted alternative:
IBM Corporation); 24Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP27168.


MP27169.

IMS/VS batch application programming. International Business Machines
Corporation. 4 motion pictures, 14 min. (2 each) & 15 min. (2 each),
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassettes. (Independent study program)
© International Business Machines Corporation, (accepted alternative:
IBM Corporation); 24Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP27169.


MP27170.

Solzhenitsyn. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS news special)
Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 23Jun74; MP27170.


MP27171.

Nixon: The Next four years—the correspondents report. CBS News. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS news special report) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Jan73;
MP27171.


MP27172.

Reading maps. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 6
motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges. ©
Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 9Jun75;
MP27172.


MP27173.

A Child’s view of the object. Texas Tech University. 27 min., sd., b &
w, videotape (½ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Betty Wagner. © Betty
Wagner, Connie Steele, Sue Kiniry & Texas Tech University; 16Dec74;
MP27173.


MP27174.

The Infant discovers the permanence of objects. Texas Tech University.
24 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) in cassette. (Infant observation
series) Appl. au: Betty S. Wagner. © Betty S. Wagner & Texas Tech
University; 17Oct74; MP27174.


MP27175.

The Infant learns spatial relationships. Texas Tech University. 22 min.,
sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) in cassette. (Infant observation series)
Appl. au: Betty S. Wagner. © Betty S. Wagner & Texas Tech University;
17Oct74; MP27175.


MP27176.

The Infant learns to control his body. Texas Tech University. 30 min.,
sd., b & w, videotape (½ in.) in cassette. (Infant observation series)
Appl. au: Betty S. Wagner. © Betty S. Wagner & Texas Tech University;
17Oct74; MP27176.


MP27177.

A Williamsburg sampler. Colonial Williamsburg Foundation. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Colonial Williamsburg Foundation; 25Mar75; MP27177.


MP27178.

We won’t leave you. Edward A. Mason. Filmed with the cooperation of
Massachusetts General Hospital, Surgical Day Care Unit. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Edward A. Mason; 24Mar75; MP27178.


MP27179.

The Ribcage; a guide to radiography. Learning Resources Center, College
of DuPage. 28 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College
of DuPage; 10Jun75 (in notice: 1974); MP27179.


MP27180.

The Cervical spine; a guide to radiography. Learning Resources Center,
College of DuPage. 16 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College
of DuPage; 10Jun75 (in notice: 1974); MP27180.


MP27181.

The Sinuses and facial bones; a guide to radiography. Learning Resources
Center, College of DuPage. 19 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in
cassette. (Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. ©
College of DuPage; 10Jun75 (in notice: 1974); MP27181.


MP27182.

The Lumbar spine; a guide to radiography. Learning Resources Center,
College of DuPage. 19 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College
of DuPage; 10Jun75 (in notice: 1974); MP27182.


MP27183.

Obstructive series; a guide to radiography. Learning Resources Center,
College of DuPage. 16 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College
of DuPage; 10Jun75 (in notice: 1974); MP27183.


MP27184.

Poultry—laying it on the line. Centron Corporation, Inc. Made by Centron
Educational Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation,
Inc.; 22Apr75; MP27184.


MP27185.

Golfers day of tournament. Colgate-Palmolive Company. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Company; 15Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27185.


MP27186.

Beehive minibee terminal. Sorbus, Inc. 55 min., sd., b & w, videotape (½
in.). © Sorbus, Inc.; 1May75; MP27186.


MP27187.

Continental drift. Christopher R. Scotese. 3 min., si., b & w, 16 mm. ©
Christopher R. Scotese; 8Jan75; MP27187.


MP27188.

Air conditioning serviceman: Servicing the system. McGraw-Hill Films.
Made by Robert Heller Productions. 5 motion pictures (4 min. each), si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage correction series,
set 08) Appl. au: McGraw-Hill Book Company. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
20Aug74; MP27188.


MP27189.

Air conditioning serviceman: Testing the system. McGraw-Hill Films. Made
by Robert Heller Productions. 6 motion pictures (4 min. each), si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage correction series,
set 07) Add. ti: Air conditioning serviceman: Preparing the system for
servicing. Appl. au: McGraw-Hill Book Company. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
20Aug74; MP27189.


MP27190.

Patas Monkey: ecology and behavior. Rockefeller University. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: J. Stephen Gartlan & The Rockefeller
University Press. © J. Stephen Gartlan; 1Apr75; MP27190.


MP27191.

Automobile glassman: Replacing windshields or “backlights.” McGraw-Hill
Films. Produced in collaboration with Goodland Enterprises, Inc. 7
motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges.
(Automotive damage correction series, set 10) Appl. au: McGraw-Hill Book
Company. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 7Apr75 (in notice: 1974); MP27191.


MP27192.

Automobile upholstery repairman: Repairing cloth and fabric. McGraw-Hill
Films. Produced in collaboration with Goodland Enterprises, Inc. 7
motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges.
(Automotive damage correction series, set 11) Appl. au: McGraw-Hill Book
Company. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 7Apr75 (in notice: 1974); MP27192.


MP27193.

Automotive upholstery repairman: Eliminating leaks in the body.
McGraw-Hill Films. Produced in collaboration with Goodland Enterprises,
Inc. 7 motion pictures (4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridges. (Automotive damage correction series, set 12) Appl. au:
McGraw-Hill Book Company. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 7Apr75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27193.


MP27194.

Automotive glassman: Sealing window leaks. McGraw-Hill Films. Produced
in collaboration with Goodland Enterprises, Inc. 7 motion pictures (4
min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage
correction series, set 09) Appl. au: McGraw-Hill Book Company. ©
McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 7Apr75 (in notice: 1974); MP27194.


MP27195.

WOW. Hubley Studios, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti: Women of
the world. © Hubley Studios, Inc.; 15Apr75; MP27195.


MP27196.

Someone else’s crisis. Motorola Teleprograms, Inc. Made by The
Filmakers, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Motorola Teleprograms,
Inc.; 6May75; MP27196.


MP27197.

U. R. Stuck. Minimum Risk Banking. An Entertainment Investors
Corporation production. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Execudec,
Inc. © Execudec, Inc.; 14Apr75; MP27197.


MP27198.

Last stand farmer. The Vermont Council on the Humanities and Public
Issues. Made by Silo Cinema, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Silo
Cinema, Inc.; 9Jul75; MP27198.


MP27199.

A Chance for change: The Story of the foster community. E. R. Squibb and
Sons, Inc. Made by Communication Centers of America. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © E. R. Squibb and Sons, Inc.; 10Oct74; MP27199.


MP27200.

The Serve. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Billie Jean
King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP27200.


MP27201.

The Forehand. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Billie Jean
King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP27201.


MP27202.

The Backhand. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Billie Jean
King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP27202.


MP27203.

Strategy in singles play. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Billie Jean King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in
notice: 1974); MP27203.


MP27204.

Doubles is a partnership. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Billie Jean King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in
notice: 1974); MP27204.


MP27205.

Special shots. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Billie Jean
King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP27205.


MP27206.

Some good practice drills. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color. 16 mm.
(Billie Jean King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in
notice: 1974); MP27206.


MP27207.

The Volley. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Billie Jean
King’s tennis for everyone!) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP27207.


MP27208.

Principles of flying. Fred Craig Productions, Inc. & FilmFair
Communications. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Fred Craig Productions,
Inc.; 1Aug74 (in notice: 1973); MP27208.


MP27209.

Dizziness. Professional Research, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 12Jul71; MP27209.


MP27210.

Contact lenses. Professional Research, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Hard contact lenses. © Professional Research,
Inc.; 11Jun71; MP27210.


MP27211.

Basic pipefitting. Marshall Maintenance. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Marshall Maintenance; 12May75; MP27211.


MP27212.

Laundry center benefits. Frigidaire Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General Motors Corporation (in notice:
Frigidaire Division, General Motors Corporation); 30May75; MP27212.


MP27213.

Fiberglass repairman: Repairing cracks and holes. McGraw-Hill Book
Company. Made by Robert Heller Productions, Inc. 7 motion pictures (4
min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage
correction series, set 05) © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 20Aug74; MP27213.


MP27214.

Fiberglass repairman: Rebuilding damaged sections. McGraw-Hill Book
Company. Made by Robert Heller Productions. 8 motion pictures (4 min.
each), si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges. (Automotive damage
correction series, set 06) © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 20Aug74; MP27214.


MP27215.

Bangladesh. McGraw-Hill Films. Produced in collaboration with Authentic
Pictures. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: McGraw-Hill Book Company
© McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 16Jun75 (in notice: 1970); MP27215.


MP27216.

Pakistan. McGraw-Hill Films. Produced in collaboration with Authentic
Pictures. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: McGraw-Hill Book Company
© McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 16Jun75 (in notice: 1970); MP27216.


MP27217.

Shark. ABC Television Network. 42 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The American
sportsman, show no. 03) Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc. © ABC Sports, Inc.;
27Jan75; MP27217.


MP27218.

Shark 2. ABC Television Network. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
American sportsman, show no. 11) Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc. © ABC
Sports, Inc.; 21Apr75; MP27218.


MP27219.

Maine bass. Truk deep dive. ABC Television Network. 31 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The American sportsman, show no. 10) Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc.
Prev. pub. 9Jan75. NM: additions. © ABC Sports, Inc.; 14Apr75; MP27219.


MP27220.

Quail. Sailfish. ABC Television Network. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The American sportsman, show no. 08) Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc. © ABC
Sports, Inc.; 1Apr75; MP27220.


MP27221.

Rock hunt. Chandeleur fishing. ABC Television Network. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The American sportsman, show no. 07) Appl. au: ABC
Sports, Inc. © ABC Sports, Inc.; 24Mar75; MP27221.


MP27222.

Pheasant hunt. Hang glide. ABC Television Network. 29 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The American sportsman, show no. 06) Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc.
© ABC Sports, Inc.; 4Mar75; MP27222.


MP27223.

Light tackle. Elephant poaching. ABC Television Network. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The American sportsman, show no. 05) Appl. au: ABC
Sports, Inc. © ABC Sports, Inc.; 18Feb75; MP27223.


MP27224.

Blue marlin. ABC Television Network. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
American sportsman, show no. 04) Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc. © ABC
Sports, Inc.; 11Feb75; MP27224.


MP27225.

Pacific challenge. Concord Films. Made by Robert Amram Films. 83 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Robert Amram d.b.a. Robert Amram Films. ©
Golden Rays Investments, N.V.; 18Dec74; MP27225.


MP27226.

Sky high. Concord Films in association with Robert Amram Films. 83 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Robert Amram d.b.a. Robert Amram Films. ©
Golden Rays Investments, N.V.; 18Dec73; MP27226.


MP27227.

The Twentieth century crisis. An Amberson-Unitel production. Made by
Robert Saudek Associates. 116 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in
cassette. (Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 5) (Norton lectures,
1973: The Unanswered question) Appl. au: Leonard Bernstein. © Leonard
Bernstein; 24May74 (in notice: 1973); MP27227.


MP27228.

The Poetry of earth. An Amberson production. Produced in cooperation
with WGBH. Made by Robert Saudek Associates. 134 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 4)
(Norton Lectures, 1973: The Unanswered question) Appl. au: Leonard
Bernstein. © Leonard Bernstein; 24May74 (in notice: 1973); MP27228.


MP27229.

On the move. California Association of Realtors & Department of Real
Estate, State of California. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Department of
Real Estate, State of California; 16Apr75 (in notice: 1974); MP27229.


MP27230.

The Pilipino immigrants. Pilipino Development Associates, Inc. Produced
jointly with Multi-Media Development Specialists Company. 32 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Leonard F. Ignacio & 1 other. © Pilipino
Development Associates, Inc.; 1Sep74; MP27230.


MP27231.

Improving your safety meetings. Intraco, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Intraco, Inc.; 21May75; MP27231.


MP27232.

What’s it all about. Joseph Girardi. 123 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. © Joseph Girardi d.b.a. Joe Girard (in notice: Joseph
Girardi); 7Mar75; MP27232.


MP27233.

Post-coronary care. Professional Research, Inc. 11 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 18Sep73;
MP27233.


MP27234.

High blood pressure. Professional Research, Inc. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 3Oct73;
MP27234.


MP27235.

Diabetes in adults. Professional Research, Inc. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 20Sep73;
MP27235.


MP27236.

Diabetic’s exchange diet. Professional Research, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 20Sep73;
MP27236.


MP27237.

The American Indian in transition. Atlantis Productions, Inc. 22 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: J. Michael Hagopian. © Atlantis
Productions, Inc.; 11Feb75; MP27237.


MP27238.

Building belief. Pt. 1. Northwestern University. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Dorothy Heathcote teaching series) © Northwestern University;
28Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP27238.


MP27239.

Building belief. Pt. 2. Northwestern University. 29 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Dorothy Heathcote teaching series) © Northwestern University;
28Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP27239.


MP27240.

Wednesday’s child. The Human Betterment League of North Carolina, Inc.
Made by Haycox Photoramic, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Human
Betterment League of North Carolina, Inc.; 19May75; MP27240.


MP27241.

The Delights and dangers of ambiguity. An Amberson video production in
cooperation with WGBH. Made by Robert Saudek Associates. 106 min., sd.,
b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Leonard Bernstein at Harvard,
lecture 4) (Norton lectures, 1973: The Unanswered question) Appl. au:
Leonard Bernstein. © Leonard Bernstein; 24May74 (in notice: 1973);
MP27241.


MP27242.

Musical syntax. Pt. 1. An Amberson video production in cooperation with
WGBH. Made by Robert Saudek Associates. 55 min., sd., b & w, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 2) (Norton
lectures, 1973: The Unanswered question) Appl. au: Leonard Bernstein. ©
Leonard Bernstein; 24May74 (in notice: 1973); MP27242.


MP27243.

Musical syntax. Pt. 2. An Amberson video production in cooperation with
WGBH. Made by Robert Saudek associates. 42 min., sd., b & w, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (Leonard Bernstein at Harvard, lecture 2) (Norton
lectures, 1973: The Unanswered question) Appl. au: Leonard Bernstein. ©
Leonard Bernstein; 24May74 (in notice: 1973); MP27243.


MP27244.

Mitosis and meiosis. CRM Productions. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Biology today film series) Add. ti: Meiosis and mitosis. Appl. au:
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. NM: additions. © Ziff-Davis Publishing
Company; 2Apr75; MP27244.


MP27245.

I guess I got the job. CRM Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Conflict and awareness) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. ©
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 15Apr75; MP27245.


MP27246.

Hey, how about another one? CRM Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Conflict and awareness) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. ©
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 15Apr75; MP27246.


MP27247.

I only want you to be happy. CRM Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Conflict and awareness) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. ©
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 15Apr75; MP27247.


MP27248.

When’s the big day? CRM Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Conflict and awareness) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. ©
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 15Apr75; MP27248.


MP27249.

How’s your new friend? CRM Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Conflict and awareness) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis Publishing Company. ©
Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 15Apr75; MP27249.


MP27250.

With just a little trust. Franciscan Communications Center. Distributed
by TeleKetics. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Franciscan Communications
Center; 1Jun75; MP27250.


MP27251.

Floyd Patterson versus Sonny Liston for the Heavyweight Championship of
the World, Chicago, Illinois, September 25, 1962. Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 12 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc.; 17Nov62; MP27251.


MP27252.

Sonny Liston versus Floyd Patterson for the Heavyweight Championship of
the World, Las Vegas, Nevada, July 22, 1963. Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 10 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc.; 12Nov63; MP27252.


MP27253.

New pulse of life. Pyramid Films Corporation. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Pyramid Films Corporation; 18Mar75; MP27253.


MP27254.

The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. Pyramid Films Corporation. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Pyramid Films Corporation; 3Jan72; MP27254.


MP27255.

Ski whiz! Pyramid Films Corporation. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Pyramid Films Corporation; 23Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP27255.


MP27256.

Special effects. Pyramid Films Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Pyramid Films Corporation; 25Jul73; MP27256.


MP27257.

All the world’s a stage. Pyramid Films Corporation. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Pyramid Films Corporation; 10Mar75; MP27257.


MP27258.

Water: friend or foe? Pyramid Films Corporation. 23 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Pyramid Films Corporation; 16Apr73; MP27258.


MP27259.

Spring. Pyramid Films Corporation. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pyramid
Films Corporation; 4Feb74 (in notice: 1973); MP27259.


MP27260.

Bleeding: what to do. Pyramid Films Corporation. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Pyramid Films, Inc.; 1Sep73; MP27260.


MP27261.

Getting ahead. Planet Four Communications Group, Ltd. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Planet Four Communications Group, Ltd.; 15Jun75;
MP27261.


MP27262.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 16, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Mar75;
MP27262.


MP27263.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, March 22, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 22Mar75;
MP27263.


MP27264.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, April 5, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5Apr75;
MP27264.


MP27265.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 30, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30Mar75;
MP27265.


MP27266.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, March 23, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 23Mar75;
MP27266.


MP27267.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 08, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Jun75;
MP27267.


MP27268.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 14, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jun75;
MP27268.


MP27269.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 24, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24May75;
MP27269.


MP27270.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 18, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18May75;
MP27270.


MP27271.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 01, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Jun75;
MP27271.


MP27272.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 07, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Jun75;
MP27272.


MP27273.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 31, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31May75;
MP27273.


MP27274.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 25, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 25May75;
MP27274.


MP27275.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, May 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17May75;
MP27275.


MP27276.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, May 11, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11May75;
MP27276.


MP27277.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 18, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Mar75;
MP27277.


MP27278.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, March 19, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Mar75; MP27278.


MP27279.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 20, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Mar75; MP27279.


MP27280.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 21, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Mar75;
MP27280.


MP27281.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 04, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Apr75;
MP27281.


MP27282.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 03, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
9Apr75; MP27282.


MP27283.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 02, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
9Apr75; MP27283.


MP27284.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 01, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Apr75;
MP27284.


MP27285.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 31, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Apr75;
MP27285.


MP27286.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 28, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31Mar75;
MP27286.


MP27287.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
31Mar75; MP27287.


MP27288.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 25, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31Mar75;
MP27288.


MP27289.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 24, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31Mar75;
MP27289.


MP27290.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 09, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Jun75;
MP27290.


MP27291.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 10, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Jun75;
MP27291.


MP27292.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 11, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Jun75; MP27292.


MP27293.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 12, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Jun75;
MP27293.


MP27294.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 13, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Jun75;
MP27294.


MP27295.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28May75;
MP27295.


MP27296.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28May75;
MP27296.


MP27297.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 21, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28May75;
MP27297.


MP27298.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 22, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28May75;
MP27298.


MP27299.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 23, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28May75;
MP27299.


MP27300.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 02, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jun75;
MP27300.


MP27301.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 03, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jun75;
MP27301.


MP27302.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 04, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
9Jun75; MP27302.


MP27303.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 05, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jun75;
MP27303.


MP27304.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 06, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jun75;
MP27304.


MP27305.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 30, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun75;
MP27305.


MP27306.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 29, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun75;
MP27306.


MP27307.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 28, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun75;
MP27307.


MP27308.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 27, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun75;
MP27308.


MP27309.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 26, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun75;
MP27309.


MP27310.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 16, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75;
MP27310.


MP27311.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 15, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75;
MP27311.


MP27312.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 14, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75;
MP27312.


MP27313.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 13, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75;
MP27313.


MP27314.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17Mar75;
MP27314.


MP27315.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 18, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18Mar75;
MP27315.


MP27316.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 19, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
19Mar75; MP27316.


MP27317.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 20, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
20Mar75; MP27317.


MP27318.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, April 4, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Apr75;
MP27318.


MP27319.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, April 3, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Apr75;
MP27319.


MP27320.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 2, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Apr75;
MP27320.


MP27321.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, April 1, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Apr75;
MP27321.


MP27322.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, March 28, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28Mar75;
MP27322.


MP27323.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, March 27, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
27Mar75; MP27323.


MP27324.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, March 26, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Mar75; MP27324.


MP27325.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 24, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Mar75;
MP27325.


MP27326.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 09, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jun75;
MP27326.


MP27327.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 10, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 10Jun75;
MP27327.


MP27328.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 11, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Jun75; MP27328.


MP27329.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 12, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12Jun75;
MP27329.


MP27330.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 13, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 13Jun75;
MP27330.


MP27331.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21May75;
MP27331.


MP27332.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20May75;
MP27332.


MP27333.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75;
MP27333.


MP27334.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 22, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 22May75;
MP27334.


MP27335.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 23, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 23May75;
MP27335.


MP27336.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 02, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun75;
MP27336.


MP27337.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 03, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Jun75;
MP27337.


MP27338.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 04, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Jun75;
MP27338.


MP27339.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 05, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5Jun75;
MP27339.


MP27340.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 06, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6Jun75;
MP27340.


MP27341.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 30, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30May75;
MP27341.


MP27342.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 29, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 29May75;
MP27342.


MP27343.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 28, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28May75;
MP27343.


MP27344.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 27, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 27May75;
MP27344.


MP27345.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 26, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26May75;
MP27345.


MP27346.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, May 16, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16May75;
MP27346.


MP27347.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, May 15, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 15May75;
MP27347.


MP27348.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, May 14, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14May75;
MP27348.


MP27349.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, May 13, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 13May75;
MP27349.


MP27350.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, May 12, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12May75;
MP27350.


MP27351.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, February 29, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27351.


MP27352.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, February 25, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27352.


MP27353.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, February 26, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27353.


MP27354.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, February 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27354.


MP27355.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, February 28, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27355.


MP27356.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 03, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP27356.


MP27357.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 04, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP27357.


MP27358.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, March 05, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27358.


MP27359.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 06, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Mar75; MP27359.


MP27360.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 07, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Mar75;
MP27360.


MP27361.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 10, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Mar75;
MP27361.


MP27362.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, March 11, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Mar75;
MP27362.


MP27363.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, March 12, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Mar75; MP27363.


MP27364.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, March 14, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Mar75;
MP27364.


MP27365.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, April 07, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Apr75;
MP27365.


MP27366.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 08, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Apr75;
MP27366.


MP27367.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 09, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Apr75; MP27367.


MP27368.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 10, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Apr75; MP27368.


MP27369.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 11, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Apr75;
MP27369.


MP27370.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, April 14, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Apr75;
MP27370.


MP27371.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 15, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Apr75;
MP27371.


MP27372.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 16, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21Apr75; MP27372.


MP27373.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 17, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21Apr75; MP27373.


MP27374.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 18, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Apr75;
MP27374.


MP27375.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 22, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28Apr75;
MP27375.


MP27376.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 23, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Apr75; MP27376.


MP27377.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, April 24, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Apr75; MP27377.


MP27378.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, April 25, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28Apr75;
MP27378.


MP27379.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, April 28, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5May75;
MP27379.


MP27380.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, April 29, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5May75;
MP27380.


MP27381.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, April 30, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5May75; MP27381.


MP27382.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 01, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5May75;
MP27382.


MP27383.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 02, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5May75;
MP27383.


MP27384.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 05, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12May75;
MP27384.


MP27385.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, May 06, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12May75.
MP27385.


MP27386.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, May 07, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12May75;
MP27386.


MP27387.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, May 08, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12May75;
MP27387.


MP27388.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 17, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
17Mar75; MP27388.


MP27389.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 18, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
18Mar75; MP27389.


MP27390.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 19, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
19Mar75; MP27390.


MP27391.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 20, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
20Mar75; MP27391.


MP27392.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 21, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21Mar75; MP27392.


MP27393.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, April 4, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Apr75;
MP27393.


MP27394.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, April 3, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
3Apr75; MP27394.


MP27395.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, April 2, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
2Apr75; MP27395.


MP27396.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, April 1, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Apr75;
MP27396.


MP27397.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 31, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
31Mar75; MP27397.


MP27398.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, March 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
27Mar75; MP27398.


MP27399.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, March 26, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Mar75; MP27399.


MP27400.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, March 24, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Mar75; MP27400.


MP27401.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, March 25, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Mar75; MP27401.


MP27402.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, March 28, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Mar75; MP27402.


MP27403.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 09, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jun75;
MP27403.


MP27404.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 10, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
10Jun75; MP27404.


MP27405.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 11, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Jun75; MP27405.


MP27406.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 12, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
12Jun75; MP27406.


MP27407.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 13, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
13Jun75; MP27407.


MP27408.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 20, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
20May75; MP27408.


MP27409.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 21, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21May75; MP27409.


MP27410.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 22, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22May75; MP27410.


MP27411.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 23, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23May75; MP27411.


MP27412.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 06, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6Jun75;
MP27412.


MP27413.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 05, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Jun75; MP27413.


MP27414.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 04, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
4Jun75; MP27414.


MP27415.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 03, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Jun75;
MP27415.


MP27416.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 02, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jun75;
MP27416.


MP27417.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 30, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30May75; MP27417.


MP27418.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 29, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
29May75; MP27418.


MP27419.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 28, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28May75; MP27419.


MP27420.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 27, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
27May75; MP27420.


MP27421.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 26, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26May75; MP27421.


MP27422.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, May 16, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16May75; MP27422.


MP27423.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, May 14, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14May75; MP27423.


MP27424.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 12, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
12May75; MP27424.


MP27425.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, May 13, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
13May75; MP27425.


MP27426.

Space: a report to the stockholders. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS reports) © CBS, Inc.; 21Jul74; MP27426.


MP27427.

Beginning responsibility: Manners in public. Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Apr75; MP27427.


MP27428.

Electricity all about us. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 5May75; MP27428.


MP27429.

Hear better: healthy ears. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 3Jun75; MP27429.


MP27430.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, March 25, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 25Mar75;
MP27430.


MP27431.

Pollution of the upper and lower atmosphere. Learning Corporation of
America. Produced in association with The American Meteorological
Society. Made by Davidson Films, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Environmental series) © Learning Corporation of America; 7Mar75;
MP27431.


MP27432.

Land use and misuse. Learning Corporation of America, a division of
Columbia Pictures Industries. Produced in association with The American
Meteorological Society. Made by Davidson Films, Inc. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Environmental series) © Learning Corporation of America,
a division of Columbia Pictures Industries; 26Feb75 (in notice: 1973);
MP27432.


MP27433.

Movie stuntmen. Learning Corporation of America. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Learning Corporation of America; 2May75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27433.


MP27434.

Understanding vacuum systems. Chrysler Corporation. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 12 min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. (Master Technicians Service
Conference, session no. 75–09) © Chrysler Corporation; 4Jun75; MP27434.


MP27435.

The Air-conditioning compressor. Chrysler Corporation. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master Technicians Service
Conference, session no. 75–10) © Chrysler Corporation; 24Jun75; MP27435.


MP27436.

What you can sell besides price. Chrysler Corporation. 12 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
18Jun75; MP27436.


MP27437.

Garner Ted Armstrong and Portland City Fathers. Ambassador College. 29
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong,
program no. 630) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church
of God; 26Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP27437.


MP27438.

Which way will science go? Ambassador College. 30 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 614)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 13Oct74;
MP27438.


MP27439.

Religion. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in
cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 615) Appl. au: Worldwide
Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 27Oct74; MP27439.


MP27440.

For the birds. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 635) Appl. au:
Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 23Feb75; MP27440.


MP27441.

The Hunger bomb. Ambassador College. 32 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 629) Appl. au:
Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 19Jan75; MP27441.


MP27442.

Beautiful. Avon Products, Inc. Made by UniWorld Group, Inc. 30 sec.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Avon Products, Inc.; 7Jul75; MP27442.


MP27443.

Repairing hailstone damage to automobiles. Motors Insurance Corporation.
37 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Motors Insurance Corporation; 11Jun75;
MP27443.


MP27444.

Tool use by a gibbon (hylobates) Behavior Communications, Inc. 7 min.,
si., color, 16 mm. © Behavior Communications, Inc.; 17Feb75; MP27444.


MP27445.

Jack Sharkey versus Jim Maloney, New York, May 20, 1927. Greatest Fights
of the Century, Inc. 11 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc.; 10May66; MP27445.


MP27446.

Assignment: service. United States Independent Telephone Association.
Made by Verite Productions, Inc. Produced in association with Film
Counselors, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United States Independent
Telephone Association; 4Apr75; MP27446.


MP27447.

Pele: the master and his method. PepsiCo, Inc. 90 min. (3 reels), sd.,
color, 16 mm. NM: compilation. © PepsiCo, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP27447.


MP27448.

Ceramatop range benefits. Frigidaire Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 8 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Add. ti: Ceramatop cooking from Frigidaire.
Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in
notice: Frigidaire Division, General Motors Corporation); 16Jun75;
MP27448.


MP27449.

Pregnancy imaging. College of DuPage. Made by Learning Resources Center,
College of DuPage. 34 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Radiologic technology program) © College of DuPage; 10Jun75; MP27449.


MP27450.

The Mastoids and inner ear. College of DuPage. Made by Learning
Resources Center, College of DuPage. 29 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Radiologic technology program) © College of DuPage;
10Jun75; MP27450.


MP27451.

Meet Eleanor Estes and Margaret McElderry. Jaqueline N. Shachter. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (½ in.) in cassette. (Profiles in
literature) © Jaqueline Shachter; 8Apr75; MP27451.


MP27452.

Meet Emily Neville. Jaqueline N. Shachter. 30 min. sd., color, videotape
(½ in.) in cassette. (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
8Apr75; MP27452.


MP27453.

Meet Tana Hoban. Jaqueline N. Shachter. 30 min., sd., color, videotape
(½ in.) in cassette. (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline Shachter;
28May75; MP27453.


MP27454.

Meet John Rowe Townsend. Jaqueline N. Shachter. 30 min., sd., color,
videotape (½ in.) in cassette. (Profiles in literature) © Jaqueline
Shachter; 8Apr75; MP27454.


MP27455.

Management by objectives and performance appraisal. Stephen Bosustow
Productions. Produced in cooperation with Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical
Corporation. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Kaiser a.a.d.o. Kaiser
Aluminum and Chemical Corporation; 13May75; MP27455.


MP27456.

When a child enters the hospital. Polymorph Films, Inc. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Polymorph Films, Inc.; 19Mar75; MP27456.


MP27457.

Adapting to parenthood. Polymorph Films, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Polymorph Films, Inc.; 9Jun75; MP27457.


MP27458.

Not together now: end of a marriage. Polymorph Films. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Miriam Weinstein. © Miriam Weinstein; 14Nov74;
MP27458.


MP27459.

Hypertension and you. Lee Creative Communications, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Walter L. Lee. © Lee Creative Communications,
Inc.; 3Mar75; MP27459.


MP27460.

Hysterectomy. Professional Research, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 21May71 (in notice:
1970); MP27460.


MP27461.

Piano versus orchestra. CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 28Oct73;
MP27461.


MP27462.

Patterns of three’s. CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Oct72;
MP27462.


MP27463.

A Copland celebration. CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) Appl. au: Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 27Dec70;
MP27463.


MP27464.

Fidelio: a celebration of life. CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., b
& w, 16 mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) Appl. au:
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
29Mar70; MP27464.


MP27465.

Haldeman: the Nixon years—conversations with Mike Wallace. Pt. 1. CBS
News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS news special) Appl. au: CBS, Inc.
© CBS, Inc.; 21Mar75; MP27465.


MP27466.

Haldeman: the Nixon years—conversations with Mike Wallace. Pt. 2. CBS
News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS news special) Appl. au: CBS, Inc.
© CBS, Inc.; 28Mar75; MP27466.


MP27467.

Tonsils and adenoids. Professional Research, Inc. 9 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.; 21May75 (in
notice: 1971); MP27467.


MP27468.

Critical program reading: structuring an unstructured program. Pt. 1.
Edutronics Systems International, Inc. Produced in cooperation with
Ethnotech. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Structured programming
techniques, lesson 430) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
16May75; MP27468.


MP27469.

Critical program reading: structuring an unstructured program. Pt. 2.
Edutronics Systems International, Inc. Produced in cooperation with
Ethnotech. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Structured programming
techniques, lesson 431) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
27Jun75; MP27469.


MP27470.

The Pediatric chest; a guide to radiography. Learning Resources Center,
College of DuPage. 28 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College
of DuPage; 10Jun75; MP27470.


MP27471.

The Thoracic spine; a guide to radiography. Learning Resources Center,
College of DuPage. 14 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Radiologic technology program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College
of DuPage; 10Jun75; MP27471.


MP27472.

Heliarc welding. Springfield Plumbers and Steamfitters Training
Association, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Springfield Plumbers and
Steamfitters Training Association, Inc.; 1Jul75; MP27472.


MP27473.

Mixing with motorcycles. Aetna Life and Casualty. 23 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 10Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP27473.


MP27474.

Emergencies (for adults only) Aetna Life and Casualty. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Driver improvement series, unit 7) © Aetna Life and
Casualty; 10Jun75; MP27474.


MP27475.

From adult to child in ? easy drinks. Aetna Life and Casualty. 21 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Driver improvement series, unit 8) © Aetna Life and
Casualty; 16Jul75; MP27475.


MP27476.

Value clarification in counseling. Educational Media Corporation. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Educational Media Corporation; 1Jul75;
MP27476.


MP27477.

The White collar rip-off. NBC News. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: National Broadcasting Company, Inc. © National Broadcasting Company,
Inc.; 29May75; MP27477.


MP27478.

Many unhappy returns: A Report on your taxes. NBC News. 52 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au; National Broadcasting Company, Inc. © National
Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 24Mar75; MP27478.


MP27479.

Prayer, does anyone listen? Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 626)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 5Jan75 (in
notice: 1974); MP27479.


MP27480.

Who controls the weather? Ambassador College. 31 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 628)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 12Jan75
(in notice: 1974); MP27480.


MP27481.

Portland campaign: On the end time. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no.
631) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God;
2Feb75 (in notice: 1974); MP27481.


MP27482.

Alcoholism. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.)
in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 613) Appl. au: Worldwide
Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 6Oct74; MP27482.


MP27483.

Marvels of creation. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 624) Appl. au:
Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 15Dec74; MP27483.


MP27484.

First annual awards. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 625) Appl. au:
Worldwide Church of God, © Worldwide Church of God; 22Dec74; MP27484.


MP27485.

1975 Chevelle. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 11 min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (1975 product training films) © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27485.


MP27486.

1975 demonstration, Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 15 min. sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (1975 product training films) © Chevrolet
Motor Division, General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27486.


MP27487.

1975 Vega, Camaro, Corvette. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc, 12 min., sd., color.
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (1975 product training films) © Chevrolet
Motor Division, General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27487.


MP27488.

1975 Monte Carlo. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (1975 product training films) © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27488.


MP27489.

1975 Chevrolet. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (1975 product training films) © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27489.


MP27490.

1975 Nova. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. Made by
the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (1975 product training films) © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27490.


MP27491.

1975 Monza 2 + 2. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (1975 product training films) © Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27491.


MP27492.

1975 features, interiors, options. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 13 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (1975 product training films) ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation; 25Aug74; MP27492.


MP27493.

The Pigs versus the Freaks. Jack Epps, Jr. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Jack Epps, Jr.; 10Apr75; MP27493.


MP27494.

The Year they discovered people. Western Electric Company, Inc. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. NM: compilation. © Western Electric Company, Inc.;
11Nov74; MP27494.


MP27495.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. 627. Worldwide Church of God. 29 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Worldwide Church of God;
29Dec74; MP27495.


MP27496.

A Safety training program for arc welding operators. International
Harvester Company. Made by International Photographic Center, Videotape
Section. 28 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. ©
International Harvester Company; 29Apr75; MP27496.


MP27497.

Night scene. Lancer Productions. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lancer
Productions; 22Jul75; MP27497.


MP27498.

Wildlife—an American heritage. West Wind Productions, Inc. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © West Wind Productions, Inc.; 17Mar75; MP27498.


MP27499.

The Godfather comes to Sixth Street. Mark Kitchell. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. © Mark Kitchell; 15Jun75; MP27499.


MP27500.

Methodology: the psychologist and the experiment. CRM Productions. 31
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Psychology today) Appl. au: Ziff-Davis
Publishing Company. © Ziff-Davis Publishing Company; 15May75; MP27500.


MP27501.

Stanley Ketchel versus Billy Papke for the Middleweight Championship of
the World, Colma, California, July 5, 1909. William D. Cayton. 10 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the decades) NM: editorial
revisions & additions. © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 13Nov73;
MP27501.


MP27502.

The Haircutting techniques of Jamison Shaw, low layer cut. The
International Institute of Coiffure & Designers Limited, Inc. 21 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Cavalcade of hairstyling) Add. ti: Low layered cut
by Jamison Shaw followed by blow waving. Appl. au: Allan Keith
Productions, Inc. © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP27502.


MP27503.

Robert Platin’s cap frosting method. The International Institute of
Coiffure & Designers Limited, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cavalcade of hairstyling) Add. ti: Cap frosting method, Robert Platin.
Appl. au: Allan Keith Productions, Inc. © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.;
15Sep74; MP27503.


MP27504.

Bleach and toner, prelightening and toning. The International Institute
of Coiffure & Designers Limited, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cavalcade of hairstyling) Appl. au: Allan Keith Productions, Inc. ©
Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP27504.


MP27505.

Solarlite with Robert Platin. The International Institute of Coiffure &
Designers Limited, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cavalcade of
hairstyling) Appl. au: Allan Keith Productions, Inc. © Allan Keith
Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP27505.


MP27506.

High lifting to an ash shade, one process coloring with Jon Guenter. The
International Institute of Coiffure & Designers Limited, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Cavalcade of hairstyling) Add. ti: High lifting into
an ash shade. Appl. au: Allan Keith Productions, Inc. © Allan Keith
Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP27506.


MP27507.

Pearlizing (a naturalizing effect) The International Institute of
Coiffure & Designers Limited, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Cavalcade of hairstyling) Appl. au: Allan Keith Productions, Inc. ©
Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74; MP27507.


MP27508.

Gee, Officer Krupke. Edward A. Mason. Produced in cooperation with the
Loeb Drama Center. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Edward A. Mason;
29May75; MP27508.


MP27509.

Using the computer as a management tool. Amacom & DKD, Inc. 13 notion
pictures (88 min.), sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: American Management
Associations. © American Management Associations; 1Oct74; MP27509.


MP27510.

The Chief of volunteer services. Amacom. Released by American Management
Associations. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to improve managerial
performance—the American Management Associations performance standards
program) © American Management Associations; 24May74; MP27510.


MP27511.

Standards of performance: the new principal. Amacom. Released by
American Management Associations. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How to
improve managerial performance—the American Management Associations
performance standards program) © American Management Associations;
24May74; MP27511.


MP27512.

Sadat. CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS news special report)
Add. ti: Cronkite interviews Sadat. Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.;
18Jun74; MP27512.


MP27513.

What’s going on here? The Troubled American economy. CBS News. 60 min.,
sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS news special report) Appl. au; CBS, Inc. © CBS,
Inc.; 21Sep74; MP27513.


MP27514.

The Economic summit. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS news
special report) Add. ti: Presidential summit. Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS,
Inc.; 27Sep74; MP27514.


MP27515.

Energy: The oil shortage—what’s going on? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. (CBS news special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Jan74; MP27515.


MP27516.

Energy: Who’s getting fired? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
news special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Jan74; MP27516.


MP27517.

Energy: Politics and oil. CBS News, 30 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
news special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Feb74; MP27517.


MP27518.

Energy: What’s the car in your future? CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS news special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 15Feb74; MP27518.


MP27519.

Energy: Buildings—where the real waste is. CBS News. 30 min., sd., b &
w, 16 mm. (CBS news special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Mar74; MP27519.


MP27520.

Energy: The Trouble with mass transit. CBS News. 30 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS news special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 5Apr74; MP27520.


MP27521.

1973: a television album. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
news special report) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 28Dec73; MP27521.


MP27522.

Europe’s new leaders. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS news
special) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 6Jul74; MP27522.


MP27523.

Five Presidents on the Presidency. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(CBS news special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Apr73; MP27523.


MP27524.

The Israelis. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS news special)
Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 17Oct73; MP27524.


MP27525.

A Tribute to Jack Benny. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (CBS news
special) Appl. au: CBS, Inc. © CBS, Inc.; 29Dec74; MP27525.


MP27526.

The Seventh crisis: Nixon on Nixon. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS news special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Jan74; MP27526.


MP27527.

Four portraits in black. CBS News. 120 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (CBS
news special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Apr74; MP27527.


MP27528.

A Conversation with President Nixon. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS news special) Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Jan72; MP27528.


MP27529.

L.B.J.: Lyndon Johnson talks politics. CBS News. 60 min., sd., b & w, 16
mm. (CBS news special) Add. ti: L.B.J. talks politics. Appl. au:
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
27Jan72; MP27529.


MP27530.

Participation concert. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
b & w, 16 mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 23May71; MP27530.


MP27531.

Liszt and the devil. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b
& w, 16 mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP27531.


MP27532.

Holst: The Planets. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b &
w, 16 mm. (New York Philharmonic young people’s concerts) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 26Mar72 (in notice: 1971); MP27532.


MP27533.

Homeplace. Michael W. Ford. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg.
30Dec74, MU9189. © Michael W. Ford; 27May75; MP27533.


MP27534.

The Chevy people carriers. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation); 18Aug75; MP27534.


MP27535.

Blazer and the 4-wheel drives. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation); 18Aug75; MP27535.


MP27536.

Oscar and the ham. American Radio Relay League, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © The America Radio Relay League,
Inc.; 23May75; MP27536.


MP27537.

Investigating those accidents. Intraco, Inc. 28 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Intraco, Inc.; 30Jun75; MP27537.


MP27538.

Understanding your safety responsibility. Intraco, Inc. 26 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Add. ti: Understanding your safety
responsibilities. © Intraco, Inc.; 30Jun75; MP27538.


MP27539.

An American farmer. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Screen news digest, vol. 17,
issue no. 7) © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation; 3Mar75; MP27539.


MP27540.

Energy—choices, options, decisions. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of
The Hearst Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Screen news digest,
vol. 17, issue no. 4) © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation; 2Dec74; MP27540.


MP27541.

Staking out the oceans. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation. 14 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Screen news digest, vol. 17,
issue no. 5) © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation; 6Jan75; MP27541.


MP27542.

Forward together. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Screen news digest, vol. 17,
issue no. 1) © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation; 23Sep74; MP27542.


MP27543.

Don’t practice your mistakes. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Billie Jean King’s tennis for everyone) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75
(in notice: 1974); MP27543.


MP27544.

Do’s and don’ts—questions and answers. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Billie Jean King’s tennis for everyone) © TeleScene,
Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP27544.


MP27545.

More on serves. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Billie Jean
King’s tennis for everyone) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27545.


MP27546.

Getting in shape. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Billie
Jean King’s tennis for everyone) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75 (in notice:
1974); MP27546.


MP27547.

The Great daylily dissection. University of Delaware, Instructional
Resources Center. 14 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Philosophy and schooling) Appl. au: University of Delaware. ©
University of Delaware; 15Jul75; MP27547.


MP27548.

The Free-form classroom. University of Delaware, Instructional Resources
Center. 24 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Philosophy
and schooling) Appl. au: University of Delaware. © University of
Delaware; 15Jul75; MP27548.


MP27549.

A Question of values. University of Delaware, Instructional Resources
Center. 9 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Philosophy
and schooling) Appl. au: University of Delaware. © University of
Delaware; 15Jul75; MP27549.


MP27550.

The Principal’s advisory committee. University of Delaware,
Instructional Resources Center. 13 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.)
in cassette. (Philosophy and schooling) Appl. au: University of
Delaware. © University of Delaware; 15Jul75; MP27550.


MP27551.

Democratic prejudice? University of Delaware, Instructional Resources
Center. 9 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Philosophy
and schooling) Appl. au: University of Delaware. © University of
Delaware; 15Jul75; MP27551.


MP27552.

Organization and responsibilities. General Motors Institute. 24 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant
security development program, unit 01) © General Motors Institute;
20Nov73; MP27552.


MP27553.

Truck gate operations. General Motors Institute. 19 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 01) © General Motors Institute; 15Jan74;
MP27553.


MP27554.

Perimeter control and inspection. General Motors Institute. 33 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant
security development program, unit 03) © General Motors Institute;
20Feb74; MP27554.


MP27555.

Principles of fire. General Motors Institute. 40 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 04) © General Motors Institute; 6Mar74;
MP27555.


MP27556.

Initial fire attack. General Motors Institute. 38 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 05) © General Motors Institute; 21Mar74;
MP27556.


MP27557.

Security of shipping and receiving areas. General Motors Institute. 36
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant
security development program, unit 06) © General Motors Institute;
25Apr74; MP27557.


MP27558.

Pedestrian gate operations. General Motors Institute. 35 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 07) © General Motors Institute; 24May74;
MP27558.


MP27559.

Observation and awareness. General Motors Institute. 43 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 08) Add. ti: Observations and awareness. ©
General Motors Institute; 25Jul74; MP27559.


MP27560.

Steering clear of lemons. Consumers Union of United States, Inc.
Distributed by Sterling Educational Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Consumers Unions of United States, Inc.; 31Jan75; MP27560.


MP27561.

Spirit of the wind. The Film Works. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: Thomas L. Schmidt. © The Film Works; 28Mar75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27561.


MP27562.

Robert Platins cap frosting method. The International Institute of
Coiffure Designers Ltd., Inc. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cavalcade of
hairstyling) Add. ti: Natural color—very dark brown. Appl. au: Allan
Keith Productions, Inc. © Allan Keith Productions, Inc.; 15Sep74;
MP27562.


MP27563.

Do no harm. Health Education Media, Inc. 42 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Health Education Media, Inc.; 4Jul75; MP27563.


MP27564.

Investigation of handgun wounds. Division of Educational Media Services
of the American Society of Clinical Pathologists. 25 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Professional education series) Appl. au:
American Society of Clinical Pathologists. © American Society of
Clinical Pathologists; 15Aug75; MP27564.


MP27565.

Investigation of the suspicious death. Division of Educational Media
Services of the American Society of Clinical Pathologists. 26 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Professional education series)
Appl. au: American Society of Clinical Pathologists. © American Society
of Clinical Pathologists; 15Aug75; MP27565.


MP27566.

Principles of radioimmunoassay: 1. Division of Educational Media
Services of the American Society of Clinical Pathologists. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Professional education series)
Appl. au: American Society of Clinical Pathologists. © American Society
of Clinical Pathologists; 30Jun75; MP27566.


MP27567.

Principles of radioimmunoassay: 2. Division of Educational Media
Services of the American Society of Clinical Pathologists. 27 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Professional education series)
Appl. au: American Society of Clinical Pathologists. © American Society
of Clinical Pathologists; 30Jun75; MP27567.


MP27568.

Anaerobic bacteriology: a practical approach for the clinical
laboratory. American Society of Clinical Pathologists. 57 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Professional education series) ©
American Society of Clinical Pathologists; 18Jul75; MP27568.


MP27569.

Discovering the library. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 2nd ed. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29May75; MP27569.


MP27570.

Development of the child: a cross-cultural approach to cognition. Bay
State Film Productions, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. © Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May75; MP27570.


MP27571.

Body sealing. Chrysler Corporation Training Center. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master Technicians Service
Conference, session no. 75–11) © Chrysler Corporation; 17Jul75; MP27571.


MP27572.

Prospects in bunches. Ross Roy, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 24Jul75; MP27572.


MP27573.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 15, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 15Jun75;
MP27573.


MP27574.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Jun75;
MP27574.


MP27575.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 16, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Jun75; MP27575.


MP27576.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 17, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
17Jun75; MP27576.


MP27577.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 18, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
18Jun75; MP27577.


MP27578.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 19, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
19Jun75; MP27578.


MP27579.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 20, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
20Jun75; MP27579.


MP27580.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, April 30, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Apr75; MP27580.


MP27581.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 16, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Jun75;
MP27581.


MP27582.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17Jun75;
MP27582.


MP27583.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 18, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
18Jun75; MP27583.


MP27584.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19Jun75;
MP27584.


MP27585.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20Jun75;
MP27585.


MP27586.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, March 13, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Mar75; MP27586.


MP27587.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, March 17, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Mar75;
MP27587.


MP27588.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, May 09, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12May75;
MP27588.


MP27589.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, May 12, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19May75;
MP27589.


MP27590.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 16, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Jun75;
MP27590.


MP27591.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 17, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Jun75;
MP27591.


MP27592.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 18, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Jun75; MP27592.


MP27593.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 19, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Jun75;
MP27593.


MP27594.

Instructional lesson 5. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching reading as
decoding, minicourse 18) Appl. au: Far West Laboratory for Educational
Research and Development. © Far West Laboratory for Educational Research
and Development; 21May73; MP27594.


MP27595.

Instructional/model lesson 1. Far West Laboratory for Educational
Research and Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire
Pictures Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by
MacMillan Publishing Company, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching
reading as decoding, minicourse 18) Appl. au: Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development. © Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development; 21May73; MP27595.


MP27596.

Instructional/model lesson 4. Far West Laboratory for Educational
Research and Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire
Pictures Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by
MacMillan Publishing Company, Inc. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching
reading as decoding, minicourse 18) Appl. au: Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development. © Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development; 21May73; MP27596.


MP27597.

Introduction. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching reading
as decoding, minicourse 18) Appl. au: Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development. © Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development; 21May73; MP27597.


MP27598.

Instructional/model lesson 2. Far West Laboratory for Educational
Research and Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire
Pictures Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by
MacMillan Publishing Company, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching
reading as decoding, minicourse 18) Appl. au: Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development. © Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development; 21May73; MP27598.


MP27599.

Instructional/model lesson 3. Far West Laboratory for Educational
Research and Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire
Pictures Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by
MacMillan Publishing Company, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching
reading as decoding, minicourse 18) Appl. au: Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development. © Far West Laboratory for
Educational Research and Development; 21May73; MP27599.


MP27600.

Instructional lesson 1. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizing
independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15) Appl. au: Far
West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. © Far West
Laboratory for Educational Research and Development; 11Jun73; MP27600.


MP27601.

Model lesson B. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizing
independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15) Appl. au: Far
West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. © Far West
Laboratory for Educational Research and Development; 11Jun73; MP27601.


MP27602.

Model lesson A. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizing
independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15) Appl. au: Far
West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. © Far West
Laboratory for Educational Research and Development; 11Jun73; MP27602.


MP27603.

Introduction. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizing
independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15) Appl. au: Far
West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. © Far West
Laboratory for Educational Research and Development; 11Jun73; MP27603.


MP27604.

Instructional lesson 4. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizing
independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15) Appl. au: Far
West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. © Far West
Laboratory for Educational Research and Development; 11Jun73; MP27604.


MP27605.

Instructional lesson 3. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizing
independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15) Appl. au: Far
West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. © Far West
Laboratory for Educational Research and Development; 11Jun73; MP27605.


MP27606.

Instructional lesson 2. Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and
Development, Teacher Education Division. Made by McGuire Pictures
Corporation & New Media Enterprises, Inc. Distributed by MacMillan
Publishing Company, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Organizing
independent learning: intermediate level, minicourse 15) Appl. au: Far
West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development. © Far West
Laboratory for Educational Research and Development; 11Jun73; MP27606.


MP27607.

Murray Oliver, power skating. Pt. 1. Edwin Albert Herriott. 1 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-01) Add. ti: Patinage de force. © Pala
Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates; 24Oct72;
MP27607.


MP27608.

Murray Oliver, power skating. Pt. 2. Edwin Albert Herriott. 1 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-02) Add. ti: Patinage de force. © Pala
Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates; 24Oct72;
MP27608.


MP27609.

Goalkeeping. Pt. 1: Positions and stick control with Gump Worsley. Edwin
Albert Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-03) Add.
ti: Gump Worsley, goal, part 1: position; Gardien de but, positions et
controle du baton. © Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted
Herriott Associates; 24Oct72; MP27609.


MP27610.

Goalkeeping. Pt. 2: Saves and telescoping with Gump Worsley. Edwin
Albert Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-04) Add.
ti: Gump Worsley, goal, part 2: saves and angles; Gardien de but,
biocages et telescopages. © Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as
Ted Herriott Associates; 24Oct72; MP27610.


MP27611.

Goalkeeping: Angles and screen shots with Tony Esposito. Edwin Albert
Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-05) Add. ti: Tony
Esposito, goal angles and screen shots. © Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying
on business as Ted Herriott Associates; 24Oct72; MP27611.


MP27612.

Phil Esposito, centre ice. Pt. 1: Face offs and shooting. Edwin Albert
Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-06) © Pala
Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates; 24Oct72;
MP27612.


MP27613.

Phil Esposito, centre ice. Pt. 2: Attacking and defensive zone play.
Edwin Albert Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-07)
Add. ti: Centre glace, jeu d’attaque et jeu dans la zone defensive. ©
Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates;
24Oct72; MP27613.


MP27614.

Lou Nanne: Checking. Edwin Albert Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Hockey, PS-08) Add. ti: Ripostes. © Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on
business as Ted Herriott Associates; 24Oct72; MP27614.


MP27615.

Brad Park, defence. Pt. 1: Checking techniques. Edwin Albert Herriott. 1
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-09) Add. ti: Defense,
techniques de riposte. © Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted
Herriott Associates; 13Nov72; MP27615.


MP27616.

Brad Park, defence. Pt. 2: Exercise and checking. Edwin Albert Herriott.
1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-10) Add. ti: Defense,
exercice et riposte. © Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted
Herriott Associates; 13Nov72; MP27616.


MP27617.

Left wing. Pt. 2: Left wing play and shooting with Paul Henderson. Edwin
Albert Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-11) Add.
ti: Paul Henderson, left wing, part 2: play; Aile gauche, jeu de l’aile
gauche et tir. © Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted
Herriott Associates; 7Aug73 (in notice: 1972); MP27617.


MP27618.

Left wing. Pt. 1: Power skating with Paul Henderson. Edwin Albert
Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-12) Add. ti: Paul
Henderson, left wing, part 1: skating; Aile gauche, patinage de force. ©
Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates;
7Aug73 (in notice: 1972); MP27618.


MP27619.

Yvan Cournoyer, right wing. Pt. 1: Shooting. Edwin Albert Herriott. 1
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-13) Add. ti: Aile droite, tir.
© Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates;
7Aug73 (in notice: 1972); MP27619.


MP27620.

Yvan Cournoyer, right wing. Pt. 2: Right wing play and passing. Edwin
Albert Herriott. 1 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-14) Add.
ti: Aile droite, jeu de l’aile droite et passe. © Pala Graphics, Ltd.
carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates; 7Aug73 (in notice:
1972); MP27620.


MP27621.

Jim McKenny: Defensive techniques. Edwin Albert Herriott. 1 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Hockey, PS-15) Add. ti: Techniques de defense. ©
Pala Graphics, Ltd. carrying on business as Ted Herriott Associates;
7Aug73 (in notice: 1972); MP27621.


MP27622.

Talk to me. Alfonso R. Tatano. 8 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. © Alfonso R.
Tatano (stated as Al Tatano on the print); 14Jun74 (in notice: 1973);
MP27622.


MP27623.

Giants in the sky. Robert Hartkopf Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Robert J. Hartkopf. © Robert J. Hartkopf; 25Jul75; MP27623.


MP27624.

The Jog walk. Board of Education, San Diego County. 17 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Everyone’s a winner) © Board of Education, San Diego County;
23Oct74; MP27624.


MP27625.

Handling the juvenile offender. Woroner Films, Inc. Distributed by
Motorola. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Police training film) Appl. au:
Murry Woroner. President, Woroner Films, Inc. © Woroner Films, Inc.;
25Jul75; MP27625.


MP27626.

The Elementary library media center. Board of Education, San Diego
County. Distributed by Superintendent of Schools, Department of
Education, San Diego County. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Board of
Education, San Diego County; 1Aug74; MP27626.


MP27627.

Knee bent sit-up, pull-up, flexed-arm hang, chair push-up. Board of
Education, San Diego County. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Everyone’s a
winner) © Board of Education, San Diego County; 9Dec74; MP27627.


MP27628.

A Shooting gallery called America? NBC News. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: National Broadcasting Company, Inc. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 22Apr75; MP27628.


MP27629.

Officer down, code 3. Woroner Films, Inc. Distributed by Motorola. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Police training film) © Woroner Films, Inc.;
9Jun75; MP27629.


MP27630.

What’s a Scrabble players tournament? Scrabble Crossword Game Players,
Inc. Made by Gateway Productions, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add.
ti: What is a Scrabble tournament? Appl. au: Selchow and Righter
Company. © Scrabble Crossword Game Players, Inc.; 19May74; MP27630.


MP27631.

Among the headhunters. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Distributed by J. Arthur
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. 66 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au:
Associated British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 6Oct55; MP27631.


MP27632.

On the Barrier Reef. Associated British Pathe, Ltd. Released by General
Film Distributors, Ltd. & J. Arthur Rank Organisation. 65 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 2Apr55 (in notice: 1954); MP27632.


MP27633.

Under the Southern Cross. Ealing Studios, Ltd. Released by General Film
Distributors, Ltd. 67 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au: Associated
British Pathe, Ltd. © Ealing Studios, Ltd.; 24Dec54; MP27633.


MP27634.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 06, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6Jul75;
MP27634.


MP27635.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 12, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12Jul75;
MP27635.


MP27636.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, July 08, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Jul75;
MP27636.


MP27637.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 11, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Jul75;
MP27637.


MP27638.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 10, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 10Jul75;
MP27638.


MP27639.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 09, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Jul75;
MP27639.


MP27640.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 22, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 22Jun75;
MP27640.


MP27641.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, June 29, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 29Jun75;
MP27641.


MP27642.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 05, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5Jul75;
MP27642.


MP27643.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, June 28, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28Jun75;
MP27643.


MP27644.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 27, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30Jun75;
MP27644.


MP27645.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, June 23, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Aug75;
MP27645.


MP27646.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, June 26, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30Jun75;
MP27646.


MP27647.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, July 03, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Jul75;
MP27647.


MP27648.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, July 07, 1975, CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jul75;
MP27648.


MP27649.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, July 11, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jul75;
MP27649.


MP27650.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, July 10, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jul75;
MP27650.


MP27651.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, July 9, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jul75;
MP27651.


MP27652.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, July 8, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jul75;
MP27652.


MP27653.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 07, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Jul75;
MP27653.


MP27654.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 11, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Jul75; MP27654.


MP27655.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 10, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
10Jul75; MP27655.


MP27656.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 09, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
9Jul75; MP27656.


MP27657.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 08, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Jul75;
MP27657.


MP27658.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, June 27, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
27Jun75; MP27658.


MP27659.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 1, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Jul75;
MP27659.


MP27660.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 30, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Jun75; MP27660.


MP27661.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 03, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
3Jul75; MP27661.


MP27662.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 02, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
2Jul75; MP27662.


MP27663.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 04, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Jul75;
MP27663.


MP27664.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, June 24, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Jun75; MP27664.


MP27665.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, June 25, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Jun75; MP27665.


MP27666.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, June 26, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Jun75; MP27666.


MP27667.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, June 26, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Jun75;
MP27667.


MP27668.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 04, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Jul75;
MP27668.


MP27669.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 03, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Jul75;
MP27669.


MP27670.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 23, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 23Jun75;
MP27670.


MP27671.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, June 25, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Jun75; MP27671.


MP27672.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, June 27, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 27Jun75;
MP27672.


MP27673.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, July 01, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Jul75;
MP27673.


MP27674.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 02, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Jul75;
MP27674.


MP27675.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, June 30, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30Jun75;
MP27675.


MP27676.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, June 24, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Jun75;
MP27676.


MP27677.

Invitation to social psychology. Harper and Row Publishers, Inc. 26
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Harper and Row Publishers, Inc.; 4Apr75;
MP27677.


MP27678.

Conformity and independence. Harper and Row Publishers, Inc. 24 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Harper and Row Publishers, Inc.; 4Apr75; MP27678.


MP27679.

World crisis in government. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 610)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 1Dec74;
MP27679.


MP27680.

Summer special—repentance. Ambassador College. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 008)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 11Jun74;
MP27680.


MP27681.

Is there really a hell fire? Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 636)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 9Mar75;
MP27681.


MP27682.

Vietnam—no peace, no honor. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 642)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 11May75;
MP27682.


MP27683.

America: grandeur to disillusionment. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no.
643) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God;
25May75; MP27683.


MP27684.

Yassar Arafat—profile of a hero. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no.
641) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God;
20Apr75; MP27684.


MP27685.

Overfed and undernourished. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 637)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 16Mar75;
MP27685.


MP27686.

Murder mania. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.)
in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 644) Appl. au: Worldwide
Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 8Jun75; MP27686.


MP27687.

Animal oddities. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 640) Appl. au:
Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 13Apr75; MP27687.


MP27688.

The Yellow school bus. FilmFair Communications. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: FilmFair, Inc. © FilmFair, Inc.; 8Jun75; MP27688.


MP27690.

Maintaining the organization: How far can I trust you? BNA
Communications, Inc. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Two-person
communication) © BNA Communications, Inc.; 30Jun75; MP27690.


MP27691.

Gathering good information: Get ’em up, Scout. BNA Communications, Inc.
26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Two-person communication) © BNA
Communications, Inc.; 30Jun75; MP27691.


MP27692.

Seeking understanding and acceptance: Try to tell it like it is. BNA
Communications, Inc. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Two-person
communication) © BNA Communications, Inc.; 30Jun75; MP27692.


MP27693.

Helping people develop: Don’t tell me what’s good for me. BNA
Communications, Inc. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Two-person
communication) © BNA Communications, Inc.; 30Jun75; MP27693.


MP27694.

Building a working team: Let’s get engaged. BNA Communications, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Two-person communication) © BNA
Communications, Inc.; 30Jun75; MP27694.


MP27695.

Being me. Lois S. Goodkind. Distributed by Phoenix Films. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 25Feb75, MU9187. © Lois S. Goodkind; 27Feb75
(in notice: 1974); MP27695.


MP27696.

Birth and death of a star. KCET, Community Television of Southern
California. Produced in association with American Institute of Physics.
30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Institute of Physics; 29Jan73 (in
notice: 1971); MP27696.


MP27697.

Picnic. Armour Food Company, a division of Armour and Company. 30 sec.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Armour Food Company, a division of Armour and
Company; 17Dec73; MP27697.


MP27698.

Baseball. Armour Food Company, a division of Armour and Company. 30
sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Armour Food Company, a division of Armour and
Company; 17Dec73; MP27698.


MP27699.

A World in a grain of sand. Corning Glass Works. Produced in association
with Film Counselors, Inc. Made by Rayant Pictures, Ltd. Distributed by
Corning. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Corning Glass Works; 7Apr75;
MP27699.


MP27700.

Gale Sayers—to be a winner. Omega Films, a division of Omega Services,
Inc. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Instant replay) Add. ti: To be a
winner—Gale Sayers. © Omega Films, a division of Omega Services, Inc.;
27Dec74; MP27700.


MP27701.

The American Phoenix. Centron Educational Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation, Inc.;
2Sep75; MP27701.


MP27702.

A Winning combination. The New England Whalers Hockey Club of the World
Hockey Association. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Aetna Life and
Casualty. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 25Aug75; MP27702.


MP27703.

The Best against the best. The New England Whalers Hockey Club of the
World Hockey Association. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Aetna
Life and Casualty. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 20Aug75; MP27703.


MP27704.

Too close. Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. 4 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Missouri Pacific Railroad Company;
28Aug75; MP27704.


MP27705.

The Language-experience approach to the teaching of reading, grades 1 –
6. The University of Delaware, Instructional Resources Center. Produced
in cooperation with the University of Delaware, Reading Study Center. 50
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: University of Delaware. © University
of Delaware; 15Jul75; MP27705.


MP27706.

Dealing with criticism. Centron Educational Films. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Handling information at the personal level) Appl. au: Centron
Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 27Aug75; MP27706.


MP27707.

Drawing conclusions is a tricky art. Centron Educational Films. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Handling information at the personal level) Appl.
au: Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 27Aug75;
MP27707.


MP27708.

Many hear—some listen. Centron Educational Films. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Handling information at the personal level) Appl. au: Centron
Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 27Aug75; MP27708.


MP27709.

Dealing with the unexpected. Centron Educational Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Handling information at the personal level) Appl. au:
Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 27Aug75; MP27709.


MP27710.

Interviewing. Urban Opinion Surveys, division of Mathematica, Inc. 100
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: Mathematica,
Inc. © Mathematica, Inc.; 28Feb75; MP27710.


MP27711.

250,000 ways to destroy a child’s life without leaving home. Children’s
Hospital Poison Center. Made by Snuffy McGill Studios. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Children’s Hospital Poison Center; 22Oct74; MP27711.


MP27712.

The Watergate year: Crisis for the President. CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (CBS News special report) Add. ti: Watergate: One year
after. Appl. au: Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Jun73; MP27712.


MP27713.

Presenting and demonstrating Sportsman. Chrysler Corporation. 18 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation;
27May75; MP27713.


MP27714.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, July 04, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Jul75;
MP27714.


MP27715.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, March 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Mar75;
MP27715.


MP27716.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 19, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19Jul75;
MP27716.


MP27717.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, July 26, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Jul75;
MP27717.


MP27718.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 13, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 13Jul75;
MP27718.


MP27719.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20Jul75;
MP27719.


MP27720.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 25, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 25Jul75;
MP27720.


MP27721.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, July 18, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18Jul75;
MP27721.


MP27722.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17Jul75;
MP27722.


MP27723.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 14, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Jul75;
MP27723.


MP27724.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Jul75;
MP27724.


MP27725.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 23, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23Jul75; MP27725.


MP27726.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, July 24, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Jul75;
MP27726.


MP27727.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 15, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
15Jul75; MP27727.


MP27728.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 21, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21Jul75; MP27728.


MP27729.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 22, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Jul75; MP27729.


MP27730.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 23, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette, © CBS, Inc.;
23Jul75; MP27730.


MP27731.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 24, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
24Jul75; MP27731.


MP27732.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 18, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
18Jul75; MP27732.


MP27733.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 17, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
17Jul75; MP27733.


MP27734.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 16, 1975, CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Jul75; MP27734.


MP27735.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, July 14, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Jul75; MP27735.


MP27736.

The Emerging community college system in the state of Connecticut. Dino
Iorli. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Dino Iorli; 9Jul75; MP27736.


MP27737.

Vibrato. Gerald Hagner. Produced with the support of the Ohio Arts
Council. Released by Information Packaging Associates. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Gerald Hagner; 1Jan75; MP27737.


MP27738.

There is a way. American Mutual Insurance Alliance. 36 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. Appl. au: James S. Stickles. © American
Mutual Insurance Alliance; 19Aug75; MP27738.


MP27739.

Malignant melanoma: histologic interpretation and prognostication.
American Society of Clinical Pathologists, Educational Media Services
Division. 40 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Professional education series) Appl. au: American Society of Clinical
Pathologists. © American Society of Clinical Pathologists; 28Aug75;
MP27739.


MP27740.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, June 24, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30Jun75;
MP27740.


MP27741.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, June 25, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Jun75; MP27741.


MP27742.

Plague and prevention. No. 1008. Professional Research, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Professional Research, Inc.;
27Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP27742.


MP27743.

Healthy mother, healthy baby. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 11Sep75; MP27743.


MP27744.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 08, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
8Aug75; MP27744.


MP27745.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 04, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
4Aug75; MP27745.


MP27746.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 05, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Aug75; MP27746.


MP27747.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 06, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Aug75; MP27747.


MP27748.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 07, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
7Aug75; MP27748.


MP27749.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Friday, August 8, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Aug75;
MP27749.


MP27750.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, August 4, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Aug75;
MP27750.


MP27751.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, August 5, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5Aug75;
MP27751.


MP27752.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, August 6, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6Aug75;
MP27752.


MP27753.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Thursday, August 7, 1975. CBS, Inc.
60 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Aug75;
MP27753.


MP27754.

Middle East. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.)
in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 633) Appl. au: Worldwide
Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 9Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27754.


MP27755.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, March 31, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31Mar75;
MP27755.


MP27756.

CICS/VS application programming. International Business Machines
Corporation. 4 motion pictures, 70 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.)
in cassette. (Independent study program) © International Business
Machines Corporation a.a.d.: IBM Corporation; 11Aug75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27756.


MP27757.

Catapults in action. Pompeiiana, Inc. 39 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Pompeiiana, Inc.; 28Jan75 (in notice: 1974); MP27757.


MP27758.

Controlling heartburn. American College of Physicians, Patient
Counseling Library. Made by Medex International. 10 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: American College of Physicians. ©
American College of Physicians; 1Apr75; MP27758.


MP27759.

Controlling high blood pressure. American College of Physicians, Patient
Counseling Library. Made by Medex International. 10 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: American College of Physicians. ©
American College of Physicians; 1Apr75; MP27759.


MP27760.

Watercress. Multi Media Resource Center. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Multi Media Resource Center; 5Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP27760.


MP27761.

Shirley. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced with National Sex Forum.
13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource Center; 6Nov72;
MP27761.


MP27762.

Thenow. The National Sex and Drug Forum. Made by Multi Media Resource
Center. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Constance Beeson for The National
Sex and Drug Forum; 20Aug70; MP27762.


MP27763.

Margo. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex Forum. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource
Center for The National Sex Forum; 11Dec72; MP27763.


MP27764.

View from the top. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation
with National Sex Forum. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media
Resource Center for The National Sex Forum; 2Jun72; MP27764.


MP27765.

A Ripple in time. The National Sex Forum. Made by Multi Media Resource
Center. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource Center for
The National Sex Forum; 12Dec74; MP27765.


MP27766.

Feeling good. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex Forum. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource
Center for The National Sex Forum; 14Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP27766.


MP27767.

A Gay view/male. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation
with National Sex Forum. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media
Resource Center for The National Sex Forum; 18Feb75 (in notice: 1974);
MP27767.


MP27768.

One on one. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex Forum. 10 min., si., color, 8 mm. © Multi Media Resource
Center for The National Sex Forum; 3Aug72; MP27768.


MP27769.

Don’t tell the cripples about sex. Pt. 1. Multi Media Resource Center.
Produced in cooperation with National Sex Forum. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Multi Media Resource Center for The Genesis Church and Ecumenical
Center; 23Apr74 (in notice: 1973); MP27769.


MP27770.

Don’t tell the cripples about sex. Pt. 2. Multi Media Resource Center.
Produced in cooperation with National Sex Forum. 23 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Multi Media Resource Center for The Genesis Church and Ecumenical
Center; 18Apr74 (in notice: 1973); MP27770.


MP27771.

The Sexological exam. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in
cooperation with National Sex Forum. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add.
ti: Sexological examination. © Multi Media Resource Center for The
Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center; 13Aug74 (in notice: 1973);
MP27771.


MP27772.

If ever two were one. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in
cooperation with National Sex Forum. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi
Media Resource Center for The Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center;
18Jan74 (in notice: 1973); MP27772.


MP27773.

Fullness. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex Forum. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource
Center for The Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center; 12Jun74 (in notice:
1973); MP27773.


MP27774.

Sun brushed. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex Forum. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource
Center for The Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center; 11Feb74 (in notice:
1973); MP27774.


MP27776.

Sun children. Multi Media Resource Center. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for The
Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center; 13Feb74 (in notice: 1973);
MP27776.


MP27777.

Possibilities. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex Forum. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource
Center for The Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center; 23Apr74 (in notice:
1973); MP27777.


MP27778.

In winterlight. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation
with National Sex Forum. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media
Resource Center for The Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center; 11Jun74
(in notice: 1973); MP27778.


MP27779.

Squeeze technique. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation
with National Sex and Drug Forum. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi
Media Resource Center for The National Sex and Drug Forum; 14Feb72 (in
notice: 1971); MP27779.


MP27780.

Touching. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex and Drug Forum. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media
Resource Center for The National Sex and Drug Forum; 29Mar72 (in notice:
1971); MP27780.


MP27781.

Minnesota soap series. Multi Media Resource Center for the Genesis
Church and Ecumenical Center. Produced in cooperation with National Sex
Forum. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Multi Media Resource Center for the
Genesis Church and Ecumenical Center; 15Jan75 (in notice: 1973);
MP27781.


MP27782.

Susan. Multi Media Resource Center. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au: National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for the National
Sex Forum; 10Sep71 (in notice: 1970); MP27782.


MP27783.

Near the big chakra. Multi Media Resource Center. 15 min., si., color,
16 mm. © Anne Severson; 5Jan72 (in notice: 1971); MP27783.


MP27784.

Rich and Judy. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex and Drug Forum. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex
and Drug Forum; 16Feb71 (in notice: 1970); MP27784.


MP27785.

Free. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with National
Sex and Drug Forum. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: National Sex
Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex and Drug
Forum; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970); MP27785.


MP27786.

Give to get. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex and Drug Forum. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex
and Drug Forum; 30Jun71 (in notice: 1970); MP27786.


MP27787.

Handvoice. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex and Drug Forum. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex
and Drug Forum; 5Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP27787.


MP27788.

Soma touch. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex and Drug Forum. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex
and Drug Forum; 16Feb71 (in notice: 1970); MP27788.


MP27789.

Vir amat. Multi Media Resource Center. Produced in cooperation with
National Sex and Drug Forum. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au:
National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource Center for the National Sex
and Drug Forum; 5Mar71 (in notice: 1970); MP27789.


MP27790.

Billie Jean: a study in motion. TeleScene, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Billie Jean King’s tennis for everyone) © TeleScene, Inc.; 2Jan75
(in notice: 1974); MP27790.


MP27791.

Human life value. The American College of Life Underwriters. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The American College of Life Underwriters; 1May75;
MP27791.


MP27792.

Stock attribution rules. The American College of Life Underwriters. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The American College of Life Underwriters;
1May75; MP27792.


MP27793.

Operating and financial leverage. The American College of Life
Underwriters. 34 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © The
American College of Life Underwriters; 1May75; MP27793.


MP27794.

The Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University. The Arnold Arboretum of
Harvard University. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The President and
Fellows of Harvard College; 20May72; MP27794.


MP27795.

Heel, sit, stay, down, come. Carnation Company. Distributed by FilmFair
Communications. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Carnation Company;
10Jul74; MP27795.


MP27796.

Love triangle. Diverse Industries, Inc. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm.
(Raffaelli (i.e. Rafaelli)) © Diverse Industries, Inc.; 15Jun75;
MP27796.


MP27797.

Guinevere. Diverse Industries, Inc. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm.
(Rafaelli) © Diverse Industries, Inc.; l5Jun75; MP27797.


MP27798.

Cosmic re-entry. Diverse Industries, Inc. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm.
(Rafaelli) © Diverse Industries, Inc.; 15Jun75; MP27798.


MP27799.

Trilogy. Diverse Industries, Inc. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm. (Rafaelli)
© Diverse Industries, Inc.; 15Jun75; MP27799.


MP27800.

Water nymphs. Diverse Industries, Inc. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm.
(Rafaelli) © Diverse Industries, Inc.; 15Jun75; MP27800.


MP27801.

Creamy couple. Diverse Industries, Inc. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm.
(Rafaelli) © Diverse Industries, Inc.; 15Jun75; MP27801.


MP27802.

Danish pastry. Diverse Industries, Inc. 16 min., si., color, 8 mm.
(Raffaelli (i.e. Rafaelli)) © Diverse Industries, Inc.; 15Jun75;
MP27802.


MP27803.

Return of the pine marten. A Don Meier production. 24 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Appl. au: Mutual of Omaha. NM:
cinematographic work. © Mutual of Omaha; 7Sep75; MP27803.


MP27804.

Exploring the Falklands. A Don Meier production. 24 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mutual of Omaha’s Wild kingdom) Add. ti: Exploring the Falkland
Islands. Appl. au: Mutual of Omaha. NM: cinematographic work. © Mutual
of Omaha; 7Sep75; MP27804.


MP27805.

Blood gases. Pt. 2. Fairview General Hospital. 30 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Update clinical nursing) © Fairview
General Hospital; 25Jun75: MP27805.


MP27806.

Whole new you. Avon Products, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Avon
Products, Inc.; 13Sep75; MP27806.


MP27807.

Skin color. Shiseido Company, Ltd. Made by Yone Production Company. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Shiseido Company, Ltd.; 15Sep74 (in notice:
1975); MP27807.


MP27808.

Melanocyte-keratinocyte interaction in pigment transfer. Shiseido
Company, Ltd. Made by Yone Production Company. 17 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Shiseido Company, Ltd.; 13Jan75; MP27808.


MP27809.

Der Fuehrer: the rise and fall of Adolf Hitler. Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of The Hearst Corporation. 14 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (Screen
news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 8) Add. ti: Der Fuehrer: the life and
times of Adolf Hitler. NM: compilation & additions. © Hearst Metrotone
News, a division of The Hearst Corporation; 1Apr75; MP27809.


MP27810.

I’ll quit tomorrow. Johnson Institute. A GTR production. 88 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Based on the book by Vernon E. Johnson. © Johnson
Institute; 3Jun75; MP27810.


MP27811.

To touch the sky. Weyerhaeuser Company. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Weyerhaeuser Company; 15Jan71; MP27811.


MP27812.

Whazzat? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. Made by
Crocus Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the 11th
century Arabic folktale, The Six blind men and the elephant. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 19Mar75; MP27812.


MP27813.

Weather forecasting. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
Produced in cooperation with The American Geological Institute. 22 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (AGI-EBE earth science program) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 5Mar75; MP27813.


MP27814.

Prelude to revolution. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 23Apr75; MP27814.


MP27815.

The Lungs and respiratory system. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. Made by Media-Four Productions. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 22Apr75; MP27815.


MP27816.

Energy for the future. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
Produced in cooperation with The American Geological Institute. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (AGI-EBE earth science program) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 10Dec74; MP27816.


MP27817.

The Humanities: a bridge to ourselves. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. Made by Milan Herzog and Associates. 29 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (EBE humanities program) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 23Oct74; MP27817.


MP27818.

The Salt marsh: a question of values. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 5Mar75; MP27818.


MP27819.

Thomas Paine. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
23Apr75; MP27819.


MP27820.

Talking with Thoreau. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
Made by Signet Productions, Inc. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (EBE
humanities program) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
23Apr75; MP27820.


MP27821.

Learning about nuclear energy. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 2nd ed. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 17Feb47, no.
1760. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 18Apr75;
MP27821.


MP27822.

An Italian family: life on a farm. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 2Jun75; MP27822.


MP27823.

Learning about electric current. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 2nd ed. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 5Oct55, no.
6864. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 18Sep74;
MP27823.


MP27824.

The Living cell. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 28Aug74; MP27824.


MP27825.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 03, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Aug75;
MP27825.


MP27826.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 10, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 10Aug75;
MP27826.


MP27827.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, August 2, 1975. CBS, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Aug75;
MP27827.


MP27828.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, July 27, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 27Jul75;
MP27828.


MP27829.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, August 30, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Aug75; MP27829.


MP27830.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 24, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Aug75;
MP27830.


MP27831.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 17, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17Aug75;
MP27831.


MP27832.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, August 23, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23Aug75; MP27832.


MP27833.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, June 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Jun75;
MP27833.


MP27834.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, August 28, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS. Inc.;
2Sep75; MP27834.


MP27835.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, August 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
2Sep75; MP27835.


MP27836.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, August 26, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
2Sep75; MP27836.


MP27837.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, August 25, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Sep75;
MP27837.


MP27838.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, August 22, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS. Inc.; 25Aug75;
MP27838.


MP27839.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, August 21, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Aug75; MP27839.


MP27840.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, August 19, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Aug75; MP27840.


MP27841.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, August 20, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Aug75; MP27841.


MP27842.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, August 18, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 25Aug75;
MP27842.


MP27843.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, August 29, 1975. CBS, Inc.
5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS. Inc.; 2Sep75;
MP27843.


MP27844.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, July 25, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Jul75; MP27844.


MP27845.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 11, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 11Sep75; MP27845.


MP27846.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 12, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
12Sep75; MP27846.


MP27847.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 09, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
9Sep75; MP27847.


MP27848.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 19, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
19Sep75; MP27848.


MP27849.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 17, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 17Sep75; MP27849.


MP27850.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 15, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
15Sep75; MP27850.


MP27851.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 18, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 18Sep75; MP27851.


MP27852.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 11, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
11Aug75; MP27852.


MP27853.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 12, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
12Aug75; MP27853.


MP27854.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 13, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
13Aug75; MP27854.


MP27855.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 14, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Aug75; MP27855.


MP27856.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 15, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
15Aug75; MP27856.


MP27857.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, July 30, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Jul75; MP27857.


MP27858.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, July 29, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
29Jul75; MP27858.


MP27859.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 01, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
1Aug75; MP27859.


MP27860.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 28, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Aug75; MP27860.


MP27861.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, July 31, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
31Jul75; MP27861.


MP27862.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 25, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
25Aug75; MP27862.


MP27863.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 29, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
29Aug75; MP27863.


MP27864.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, August 21, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21Aug75; MP27864.


MP27865.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, August 22, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Aug75; MP27865.


MP27866.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 19, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
19Aug75; MP27866.


MP27867.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, August 18, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
18Aug75; MP27867.


MP27868.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 20, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
20Aug75; MP27868.


MP27869.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 07, 1975. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette, © CBS, Inc.; 7Jul75; MP27869.


MP27870.

CBS morning news, Friday, September 12, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 12Sep75; MP27870.


MP27871.

CBS morning news, Thursday, September 11, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Sep75; MP27871.


MP27872.

CBS morning news, Monday, September 08, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Sep75; MP27872.


MP27873.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, September 09, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Sep75; MP27873.


MP27874.

CBS morning news, Friday, September 19, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19Sep75; MP27874.


MP27875.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, September 16, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Sep75; MP27875.


MP27876.

CBS morning news, Monday, September 15, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 15Sep75; MP27876.


MP27877.

CBS morning news, Thursday, September 18, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18Sep75; MP27877.


MP27878.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, September 17, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 17Sep75; MP27878.


MP27879.

CBS morning news, Thursday, August 14, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 14Aug75; MP27879.


MP27880.

CBS morning news, Monday, August 11, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 11Aug75: MP27880.


MP27881.

CBS morning news, Friday, August 15, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 15Aug75; MP27881.


MP27882.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, August 13, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 13Aug75; MP27882.


MP27883.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Wednesday, July 30, 1975. 60 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30Jul75;
MP27883.


MP27884.

CBS morning news, Thursday, July 31, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31Jul75; MP27884.


MP27885.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Monday, July 28, 1975. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS. Inc.; 28Jul75; MP27885.


MP27886.

CBS morning news with Hughes Rudd, Tuesday, July 29, 1975. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in,) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 29Jul75; MP27886.


MP27887.

CBS morning news, Friday, August 1, 1975. 60 min., sd., color, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Aug75; MP27887.


MP27888.

CBS morning news, Thursday, August 28, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 28Aug75; MP27888.


MP27889.

CBS morning news, Monday, August 25, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 25Aug75; MP27889.


MP27890.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, August 27, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 27Aug75; MP27890.


MP27891.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, August 26, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Aug75; MP27891.


MP27892.

CBS morning news, Monday, August 18, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 18Aug75; MP27892.


MP27893.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, August 19, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 19Aug75; MP27893.


MP27894.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, August 20, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20Aug75; MP27894.


MP27895.

CBS morning news, Thursday, August 21, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP27895.


MP27896.

CBS morning news, Friday, August 29, 1975. 60 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 29Aug75; MP27896.


MP27897.

Double trouble. General Learning Corporation. Made by Davidson Films,
Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school
students: whole numbers, P08) © General Learning Corporation; 3Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP27897.


MP27898.

Array back when. General Learning Corporation. Made by Davidson Films,
Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school
students: whole numbers, P06) © General Learning Corporation; 3Jan74 (in
notice: 1973); MP27898.


MP27899.

It’s a small world. General Learning Corporation. Made by Davidson
Films, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary
school students: whole numbers, P10) © General Learning Corporation;
3Jan74; MP27899.


MP27900.

The Magic square. General Learning Corporation. Made by Davidson Films,
Inc. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school
students: whole numbers, P07) © General Learning Corporation; 3Jan74;
MP27900.


MP27901.

Nuts to you. General Learning Corporation. Made by Davidson Films, Inc.
9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school students:
whole numbers, P09) © General Learning Corporation; 3Jan74; MP27901.


MP27902.

Muchmore’s marvelous machine. General Learning Corporation. Made by
Davidson Films, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for
elementary school students: whole numbers, P04) © General Learning
Corporation; 3Jan74; MP27902.


MP27903.

Shape of tomorrow. International Business Machines Corporation. Made by
Owen Murphy Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © International
Business Machines Corporation, alternate designation: IBM Corporation;
26Mar75; MP27903.


MP27904.

A Heritage of change. International Business Machines Corporation, 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © International Business Machines Corporation,
alternate designation: IBM Corporation; 24Mar75; MP27904.


MP27905.

Productivity, the effective use of resources, International Business
Machines Corporation. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © International
Business Machines Corporation, alternate designation: IBM Corporation;
10Apr75; MP27905.


MP27906.

People with purpose. International Business Machines Corporation. Made
by Gittelman Film Associates, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
International Business Machines Corporation, alternate designation: IBM
Corporation; 25Mar75; MP27906.


MP27907.

Pass it on. Florida Department of Education. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Florida Department of Education; 15Jun75; MP27907.


MP27908.

Forces make forms. Kinek Productions. Distributed by FilmFair
Communications. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Midland Center for the
Arts; 1Aug74; MP27908.


MP27909.

What good is a warbler? Adams Film Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Adams Film Productions; 1May75; MP27909.


MP27910.

Ob/Gyn health series. Milner-Fenwick, Inc. 7 motion pictures, sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Add. ti: Patient counseling—obstetrics and
gynecology. © Milner-Fenwick, Inc.; 7Jan75 (in notice: on 6 works: 1975,
in notice on 1 work: 1974); MP27910.


MP27911.

The Car salesman: a study in the law of contracts and sales. Gail
McKnight Beckman. 20 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. ©
Gail McK. Beckman & Walter Berdal (in notice: Beckman & Berdal); 2Jan75;
MP27911.


MP27912.

A way of life. The National Foundation. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
The National Foundation; 29Sep74; MP27912.


MP27913.

Hypnotic phenomena. Pt. 1 – 2. Instructional Materials Service,
University of Montana. 2 motion pictures, sd., color, videotapes (¾ in.)
in cassettes. Appl. au: John G. Watkins. © John G. Watkins; 1Dec74;
MP27913.


MP27914.

On-line. International Business Machines Corporation. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © International Business Machines Corporation a.a.d.: IBM
Corporation (in notice: IBM); 1Aug75; MP27914.


MP27915.

Learning astronomy a new way. IBM Poughkeepsie Lab Audiovisual
Communications. Produced in cooperation with Kenneth Franklin. 9 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: International Business Machines
Corporation. © International Business Machines Corporation a.a.d.: IBM
Corporation; 11Sep75; MP27915.


MP27916.

Guiding the new employee to safety. Intraco, Inc. 25 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (The Foreman’s accident prevention
series) © Intraco, Inc.; 23Sep75; MP27916.


MP27917.

Mastering job safety analysis. Intraco, Inc. 22 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (The Foreman’s accident prevention
series) © Intraco, Inc.; 23Sep75; MP27917.


MP27918.

Tires: longer life or the scrap heap? Intraco, Inc. 26 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Intraco, Inc.; 23Sep75; MP27918.


MP27919.

Preparing for OSHA inspections. Intraco, Inc. 28 min., sd., b & w,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (The Foreman’s accident prevention
series) © Intraco, Inc.; 23Sep75; MP27919.


MP27920.

Managing safety yourself. Intraco, Inc. 24 min., sd., b & w, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. (The Foreman’s accident prevention series) ©
Intraco, Inc.; 23Sep75; MP27920.


MP27921.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Sunday, August 31, 1975. CBS, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31Aug75;
MP27921.


MP27922.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, September 02, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Sep75; MP27922.


MP27923.

CBS morning news, Monday, September 22, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 22Sep75; MP27923.


MP27924.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, September 24. 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Sep75; MP27924.


MP27925.

CBS morning news, Friday, September 26, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 26Sep75; MP27925.


MP27926.

CBS morning news, Thursday, September 25, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 25Sep75; MP27926.


MP27927.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, September 03, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Sep75; MP27927.


MP27928.

CBS morning news, Thursday, September 04, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Sep75; MP27928.


MP27929.

CBS morning news, Friday, September 05, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5Sep75; MP27929.


MP27930.

CBS morning news, Monday, September 01, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Sep75; MP27930.


MP27931.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 02, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
2Sep75; MP27931.


MP27932.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 25, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 25Sep75; MP27932.


MP27933.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 23, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23Sep75; MP27933.


MP27934.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 24, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 24Sep75; MP27934.


MP27935.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, August 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
27Aug75; MP27935.


MP27936.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, August 26, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
26Aug75; MP27936.


MP27937.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, September 05, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Sep75; MP27937.


MP27938.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, September 04, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 4Sep75; MP27938.


MP27939.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, September 03, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 3Sep75; MP27939.


MP27940.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 01, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
1Sep75; MP27940.


MP27941.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 02, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
8Sep75; MP27941.


MP27942.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, September 22, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Sep75; MP27942.


MP27943.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, September 26, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Sep75; MP27943.


MP27944.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, September 25, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Sep75; MP27944.


MP27945.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, September 24, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 30Sep75; MP27945.


MP27946.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 23, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Sep75; MP27946.


MP27947.

CBS midday news, Wednesday, September 03, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Sep75; MP27947.


MP27948.

CBS midday news, Thursday, September 04, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Sep75; MP27948.


MP27949.

CBS midday news, Friday, September 05, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Sep75; MP27949.


MP27950.

CBS midday news, Monday, September 01, 1975. CBS, Inc. 5 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Sep75; MP27950.


MP27951.

Interpersonal process recall—discussion. Norman I. Kagan. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Norman I. Kagan; 14Mar75; MP27951.


MP27952.

The Individual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 39 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-1) © Norman I.
Kagan; 7Mar75; MP27952.


MP27953.

The Individual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-2) © Norman I.
Kagan; 7Mar75; MP27953.


MP27954.

Individual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-4) © Norman I.
Kagan; 2Apr75; MP27954.


MP27955.

Mutual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-1) © Norman I.
Kagan; 2Apr75; MP27955.


MP27956.

Mutual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-2) © Norman I.
Kagan; 2Apr75; MP27956.


MP27957.

Mutual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-3) © Norman I.
Kagan; 10Mar75; MP27957.


MP27958.

Mutual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-4) © Norman I.
Kagan; 14Mar75; MP27958.


MP27959.

Individual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. B-2) © Norman I.
Kagan; 2Apr75; MP27959.


MP27960.

Fat Tuesday. Carl Colby. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Carl Colby;
25Sep75; MP27960.


MP27961.

Camaro. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 7 min.,
sd., color. Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice; Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation); 25Aug75; MP27961.


MP27962.

Monte Carlo. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 7
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation); 25Aug75; MP27962.


MP27963.

Monza. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 9 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation); 25Aug75; MP27963.


MP27964.

Specific learning disabilities: remedial programming. Davidson Films,
Inc. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © MHC Films; 10Jun75; MP27964.


MP27965.

Specific learning disabilities: evaluation. Davidson Films, Inc. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © MHC Films; 10Mar75; MP27965.


MP27966.

Specific learning disabilities in the classroom. Davidson Films, Inc. 23
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © MHC Films; 10Apr75; MP27966.


MP27967.

Draggerman’s haul. FilmFair Communications. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Wendy Wood. © Wendy Wood; 7May75; MP27967.


MP27968.

Wholly cow. National Dairy Council. Made by Catfish Productions, Inc. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Catfish Productions, Inc.; 1May75 (in notice:
1974); MP27968.


MP27969.

You are Safeway. Management Development and Training Division, Safeway
Stores, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Safeway Stores, Inc.
© Safeway Stores, Inc.; 25Jul75; MP27969.


MP27970.

Soybeans: the magic beanstalk. Centron Educational Films. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Centron Corporation. © Centron Corporation,
Inc.; 3Oct75; MP27970.


MP27971.

Initial medical interview. Norman I. Kagan. 12 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, C-2 suppl.) © Norman I. Kagan; 2Apr75;
MP27971.


MP27972.

Mutual recall, Norman I. Kagan. 13 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-6) © Norman I.
Kagan; 13Mar75; MP27972.


MP27973.

Mutual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 16 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-7) © Norman I.
Kagan; 13Mar75; MP27973.


MP27974.

Individual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 18 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. B-1) © Norman I.
Kagan; 2Apr75; MP27974.


MP27975.

Mutual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 21 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. C-5) © Norman I.
Kagan; 13Mar75; MP27975.


MP27976.

Individual recall. Norman I. Kagan. 14 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
(Interpersonal process recall, the recall process, pt. A-3) © Norman N.
Kagan; 10Mar75; MP27976.


MP27977.

Amniotic fluid analysis in pregnancy at risk. American Society of
Clinical Pathologists. Made by Educational Services Division, Ortho
Diagnostics, Inc. 23 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Professional education series) © American Society of Clinical
Pathologists; 28Aug75 (in notice: 1974); MP27977.


MP27978.

Carburetor service tips. Chrysler Corporation. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 12
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master Technicians Service Conference,
session no. 75 Sept.) © Chrysler Corporation; 26Sep75; MP27978.


MP27979.

Adjustments for effective emission control. Chrysler Corporation. Made
by Ross Roy, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Master Technicians
Service Conference, session no. 75–12) © Chrysler Corporation; 22Aug75;
MP27979.


MP27980.

13th Place. The American National Red Cross, 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© The American National Red Cross; 10Oct75; MP27980.


MP27981.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, May 19, 1975 (6:30 feed)
CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 19May75; MP27981.


MP27982.

CBS weekend news with Dan Rather, Saturday, September 20, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
20Sep75; MP27982.


MP27983.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, May 15, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
15May75; MP27983.


MP27984.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, June 23, 1975. CBS, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
23Jun75; MP27984.


MP27985.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 06, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Oct75; MP27985.


MP27986.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 30, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Oct75; MP27986.


MP27987.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 02, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Oct75; MP27987.


MP27988.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 01, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Oct75; MP27988.


MP27989.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 03, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Oct75; MP27989.


MP27990.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, September 29, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Oct75; MP27990.


MP27991.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 07, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
7Oct75; MP27991.


MP27992.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 02, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
2Oct75; MP27992.


MP27993.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 03, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
3Oct75; MP27993.


MP27994.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 01, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
1Oct75; MP27994.


MP27995.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 08, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
8Oct75; MP27995.


MP27996.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 06, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
6Oct75; MP27996.


MP27997.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 16, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Sep75; MP27997.


MP27998.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, September 19, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Sep75; MP27998.


MP27999.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, September 18, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Sep75; MP27999.


MP28000.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, September 17, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 22Sep75; MP28000.


MP28001.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, September 15, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Sep75; MP28001.


MP28002.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, September 12, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Sep75; MP28002.


MP28003.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, September 11, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Sep75; MP28003.


MP28004.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, September 10, 1975.
CBS, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS,
Inc.; 14Sep75; MP28004.


MP28005.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, September 09, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Sep75; MP28005.


MP28006.

CBS morning news, Friday, October 10, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 10Oct75; MP28006.


MP28007.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 01, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 1Oct75; MP28007.


MP28008.

CBS morning news, Thursday, October 02, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 2Oct75; MP28008.


MP28009.

CBS morning news, Friday, October 03, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Oct75; MP28009.


MP28010.

CBS morning news, Thursday, October 09, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 9Oct75; MP28010.


MP28011.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 08, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 8Oct75; MP28011.


MP28012.

CBS morning news, Monday, October 06, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 6Oct75; MP28012.


MP28013.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, October 07, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 7Oct75; MP28013.


MP28014.

The Magic lantern show, and how it grew. Hearst Metrotone News, a
division of the Hearst Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Screen
news digest, vol. 17, issue no. 6) © Hearst Metrotone News, a division
of the Hearst Corporation; 3Feb75; MP28014.


MP28015.

Just what can you do? Multi Media Resource Center, National Sex Forum.
23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: National Sex Forum. © Multi Media
Resource Center for the National Sex Forum; 24Mar72; MP28015.


MP28016.

The Erogenists. Multi Media Resource Center, National Sex and Drug
Forum. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: National Sex Forum. © Multi
Media Resource Center for the National Sex and Drug Forum; 4Apr71 (in
notice: 1970); MP28016.


MP28017.

Both/and. Multi Media resource Center, National Sex Forum. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: National Sex Forum. © Multi Media Resource
Center for the National Sex Forum; 13Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP28017.


MP28018.

A Life in your hands. National Committee for Emergency Coronary Care.
Made by Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: ACT Foundation. © ACT Foundation, Inc.; 18Jun75; MP28018.


MP28019.

Introducing: Touch typing. Aetna Life and Casualty. 235 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
11Jul75; MP28019.


MP28020.

B. F. Skinner and behavorial change: research, practice and promise.
Research Press Company, 48 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti: B. F.
Skinner and behavior change: research, practice and promise. © Research
Press Company; 17Apr75; MP28020.


MP28021.

Bighorn sheep. Mutual of Omaha. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mutual of
Omaha’s wild kingdom) NM: cinematographic work. © Mutual of Omaha;
26Oct75; MP28021.


MP28022.

Soap, scents and the hard, hard sell. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.
16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 15Oct75;
MP28022.


MP28023.

Ball gymnastics for postural control. Department of Physical Therapy,
School of Allied Health Sciences, Georgia State University. 25 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Georgia State University; 15Jun75; MP28023.


MP28024.

Explain me a missionary. Division of Communications, Home Mission Board,
Southern Baptist Convention. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Home
Mission Board, SBC. © Home Mission Board, Southern Baptist Convention;
5Mar75; MP28024.


MP28025.

Teen sexuality: what’s right for you. Bread and Butter Productions. 29
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Albany Medical College. © Albany
Medical College; 1Oct75; MP28025.


MP28026.

Touch the sky. R. E. Shanin Enterprises, Inc. 90 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: Ronald E. Shanin. © Ronald E. Shanin; 2Sep74; MP28026.


MP28027.

South Korea, the first twenty years. R. William Stanmyre. Distributed by
ACI Films, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © R. William Stanmyre;
1Mar75 (in notice: 1974); MP28027.


MP28028.

Interpreting data: testing hypotheses while investigating the quality of
life in a pond. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Science skills, film no. 4) © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions;
15Aug75; MP28028.


MP28029.

Defining, classifying and identifying while investigating minerals,
plants and animals. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Science skills, film no. 3) © Goldberg-Werrenrath
Productions; 15Aug75; MP28029.


MP28030.

Top down design. Pt. 1. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. Produced
in cooperation with Ethnotech. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Structured
programming techniques, lesson 432) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 11Sep75; MP28030.


MP28031.

Top down design. Pt. 2. Edutronics Systems International, Inc. Produced
in cooperation with Ethnotech. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Structured
programming techniques, lesson 433) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 30Sep75; MP28031.


MP28032.

Translation. Kathleen M. Fisher. 27 min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.)
in cassette. (The Principles of genetics) © Kathleen M. Fisher; 16Jul75;
MP28032.


MP28033.

Complementation. Kathleen M. Fisher. 23 min., sd., color, videotape (¾
in.) in cassette. (The Principles of genetics) © Kathleen M. Fisher;
16Jul75; MP28033.


MP28034.

Eukaryote chromosome structure. Kathleen M. Fisher. 23 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (The Principles of genetics) © Kathleen
M. Fisher; 16Jul75; MP28034.


MP28035.

In the beginning—God. Moody Institute of Science. A presentation of
Moody Bible Institute. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Moody Institute of
Science; 22Sep75; MP28035.


MP28036.

Water: the common necessity. Moody Institute of Science, Educational
Film Division. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Moody Institute of
Science. © Moody Institute of Science; 16Sep75; MP28036.


MP28037.

Wings of the wind. Gibco Films. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Gib Jaffe
d.b.a. Gibco Films; 24Sep75; MP28037.


MP28038.

Richards all silicone feline urethral shunt tube. Richards Manufacturing
Company, Inc. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Richards Manufacturing
Company, Inc.; 3Oct75; MP28038.


MP28039.

High rise buildings, fire safety and you. National Fire Protection
Association. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Fire Protection
Association; 19Mar75; MP28039.


MP28040.

Playing with fire. Public Affairs Division, National Fire Protection
Association. Made by The New Film Company, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: National Fire Protection Association. © National Fire
Protection Association; 19Mar75; MP28040.


MP28041.

Pinocytosis. Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 5 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. in cartridge. (Cells and cell processes) © Harper and Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 30Jul75 (in notice: 1974); MP28041.


MP28042.

1001 naughts. General Learning Corporation. Made by Davidson Films, Inc.
9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mathematics for elementary school students,
whole numbers, P12) © General Learning Corporation; 3Jan74; MP28042.


MP28043.

Boy of the Navajos. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 16Feb56, no. 7043. NM:
additions & revisions. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 22Apr75; MP28043.


MP28044.

Hopi Indian arts and crafts. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 5Mar46, no. 2148.
NM: additions & revisions. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 12May75; MP28044.


MP28045.

The Apache Indian. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 26Jul45, no. 1536. NM:
additions & revisions. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 5Jun75; MP28045.


MP28046.

The Hopi Indian. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire.
Inc. 10 min., sd., color. 16 mm. Prev. reg. 20Jun45, no. 1535. NM:
additions & revisions. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire. Inc.; 12May75; MP28046.


MP28047.

The Navajo Indian. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 26Jul45, no. 1543. NM:
additions & revisions. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 12May75; MP28047.


MP28048.

Indians of Mexico—The Tarascans. Coronet Instructional Media, a division
of Esquire, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Jun75; MP28048.


MP28049.

Bending. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University Division. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory, film 06) Appl. au:
Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP28049.


MP28050.

Loads and stresses. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University Division.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory, film 02)
Appl. au: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP28050.


MP28051.

The Creep test. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University Division. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory, film 09)
Appl. au: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP28051.


MP28052.

Deformation and strains. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University
Division. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory,
film 01) Appl. au: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75;
MP28052.


MP28053.

Fatigue. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University Division. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory, film 10) Appl. au:
Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP28053.


MP28054.

Compression and buckling. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University
Division. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory,
film 05) Appl. au: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75;
MP28054.


MP28055.

Tension test. Pt. 2. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University Division.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory, film 04)
Appl. au: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP28055.


MP28056.

Hardness and impact tests. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University
Division. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory,
film 08) Appl. au: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75;
MP28056.


MP28057.

Tension test. Pt. 1. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University Division.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory, film 03)
Appl. au: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP28057.


MP28058.

Torsion. McGraw-Hill, Inc., College and University Division. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Strength of materials laboratory, film 07) Appl. au:
Robert A. Heller. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 21Aug75; MP28058.


MP28059.

How to survive in ’75. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no. 638)
Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God; 30Mar75;
MP28059.


MP28060.

The Amazing dolphins and whales. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (Garner Ted Armstrong, program no.
639) Appl. au: Worldwide Church of God. © Worldwide Church of God;
6Apr75; MP28060.


MP28061.

Hearts and minds. A Howard Zuker/Henry Jaglom Rainbow Pictures
Corporation presentation. Distributed by Warner Brothers. 110 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. au: BBS Productions. NM: compilation & additions. ©
Rainbow Pictures Corporation; 20Dec74; MP28061.


MP28062.

Authority. Pt. B. The Florida Board of Regents for Florida State
University. Distributed by Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension, no. 07) © The Florida
Board of Regents acting for and on behalf of Florida State University;
15Aug75; MP28062.


MP28063.

Ethics. Pt. B. The Florida Board of Regents for Florida State
University. Distributed by Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension, no. 06) © The Florida
Board of Regents acting for and on behalf of Florida State University;
15Aug75; MP28063.


MP28064.

Community. Pt. A. The Florida Board of Regents for Florida State
University. Distributed by Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension, no. 05) © The Florida
Board of Regents acting for and on behalf of Florida State University;
25Jun75; MP28064.


MP28065.

Community. Pt. B. The Florida Board of Regents for Florida State
University. Distributed by Harper and Row, Publishers, Inc. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Police: the human dimension, no. 08) © The Florida
Board of Regents acting for and on behalf of Florida State University;
22Aug75; MP28065.


MP28066.

Utility customer relations: a better way. Stone and Webster Management
Consultants, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. ©
Stone and Webster Management Consultants, Inc.; 6Mar75; MP28066.


MP28067.

A Composition in steel by Todd Pendleton. James Klebau. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © James Klebau; 8Sep75; MP28067.


MP28068.

Mary Jane grows up: Marijuana in the 70’s. National Broadcasting
Company, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 28Jul75; MP28068.


MP28069.

Walking hands. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.;
13Oct75; MP28069.


MP28070.

The American sportsman. Show no. 9. An ABC Television Network sports
presentation. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc.
Prev. pub. 8Jan74. NM: additions. © ABC Sports, Inc.; 7Apr75; MP28070.


MP28071.

The American sportsman. Show no. 2. An ABC Television Network sports
presentation. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: ABC Sports, Inc. ©
ABC Sports, Inc.; 10Jan75; MP28071.


MP28072.

For all the right reasons. Unusual Films. 33 min, sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: Bob Jones University. © Bob Jones University; 25May75;
MP28072.


MP28073.

Buying with a twisted arm. Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc. Produced
in association with the Ted Liss School of Performing Arts. Released by
Journal Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Joel Altschul. ©
Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 21May75; MP28073.


MP28074.

The American issues forum. Screen News Digest. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au: Hearst Metrotone News Division, the Hearst Corporation. ©
The Hearst Corporation; 1Jul75; MP28074.


MP28075.

A Touch of Zen. Imagic Productions, Inc. 100 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Imagic Productions, Inc.; 14Apr75; MP28075.


MP28076.

Backpacking. West Wind Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
West Wind Productions, Inc.; 3May75; MP28076.


MP28077.

Wilderness—an American ideal. West Wind Productions, Inc. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © West Wind Productions, Inc.; 1Jun75; MP28077.


MP28078.

Aligning the body shell following collision impact. Motors Insurance
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Motors Insurance Corporation;
9Oct75; MP28078.


MP28079.

Orientation conference. School of Home Economics, The Ohio State
University. 20 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Bookshelf instruction, home economics education) Appl. au: Department
of Home Economics Education. © School of Home Economics, The Ohio State
University; 25Jun75; MP28079.


MP28080.

Unit planning conference. School of Home Economics, The Ohio State
University. 27 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
(Bookshelf instruction, home economics education) Appl. au: Department
of Home Economics Education. © School of Home Economics, The Ohio State
University; 25Jun75; MP28080.


MP28081.

Student teacher lesson: Food demonstration. School of Home Economics,
The Ohio State University. 17 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in
cassette. (Bookshelf instruction, home economics education) Appl. au:
Department of Home Economics Education. © School of Home Economics, The
Ohio State University; 25Jun75; MP28081.


MP28082.

The First 100 years. Continental Oil Company. Made by Immedia, Inc. 31
min., sd., color, 16 mm. NM: additions. © Continental Oil Company;
9Jun75; MP28082.


MP28083.

Season of fire. A Hamlin-Barney production. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© A Hamlin-Barney production; 30May74 (in notice: 1973); MP28083. (See
also Season of fire, 30May73, MP25957.)


MP28084.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 08, 1975. 7:00
p.m. feed. CBS, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette.
NM: revisions & additions. © CBS, Inc.; 8Sep75; MP28084.


MP28085.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 08, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Oct75; MP28085.


MP28086.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 10, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Oct75; MP28086.


MP28087.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 09, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Oct75; MP28087.


MP28088.

CBS morning news, Monday, September 29, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 29Sep75; MP28088.


MP28089.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, September 29, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
29Sep75; MP28089.


MP28090.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, September 30, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Sep75; MP28090.


MP28091.

Chrysler 1976. Chrysler Corporation. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 10Oct75; MP28091.


MP28092.

1976 Monaco. Chrysler Corporation. 11 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 10Oct75; MP28092.


MP28093.

Aspen and Volare highlights. Chrysler Corporation. 12 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 24Oct75;
MP28093.


MP28094.

Caravan. Mary Jane Soule & Joan Barkhausen. 22 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm.
© Soule/Barkhausen; 21May75 (in notice: 1974); MP28094.


MP28095.

Scrap and rubbish control. General Motors Institute. 25 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 17) © General Motors Institute; 18Feb75;
MP28095.


MP28096.

Railroad car security. General Motors Institute. 16 min., sd., color,
videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 18) © General Motors Institute; 11Mar75;
MP28096.


MP28097.

Communications efficiency. General Motors Institute. 33 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 16) © General Motors Institute; 18Jan75;
MP28097.


MP28098.

Automatic sprinkler protection. General Motors Institute. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 19) © General Motors Institute; 15Jul75;
MP28098.


MP28099.

Fire control systems, containment. General Motors Institute. 24 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant
security development program, unit 20) © General Motors Institute;
16Jul75; MP28099.


MP28100.

Fire inspection procedures. General Motors Institute. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. (General Motors plant security
development program, unit 21) © General Motors Institute; 20Aug75;
MP28100.


MP28101.

1976 Pontiac Ventura. Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General
Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28101.


MP28102.

1976 Pontiac Sunbird. Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General
Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28102.


MP28103.

1976 Pontiac LeMans, LeMans sport coupe, Grand LeMans. Pontiac Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28103.


MP28104.

1976 Pontiac Catalina, Bonneville, Bonneville Brougham. Pontiac Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28104.


MP28105.

1976 Pontiac Safari station wagons. Pontiac Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28105.


MP28106.

1976 Pontiac Firebird. Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General
Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28106.


MP28107.

1976 Pontiac Astre. Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28107.


MP28108.

1976 Pontiac new features. Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General
Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28108.


MP28109.

1976 Pontiac Grand Prix. Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © General
Motors Corporation (in notice: Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation); 12Sep75; MP28109.


MP28110.

1976 Oldsmobile Toronado. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl, au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 15Sep75; MP28110.


MP28111.

1976 Oldsmobile Omega. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. © General Motors
Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation); 15Sep75; MP28111.


MP28112.

1976 Oldsmobile Ninety-Eight/Regency. Oldsmobile Division. General
Motors Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 15Sep75; MP28112.


MP28113.

1976 Oldsmobile Delta Eighty-Eight/Royale. Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 15Sep75; MP28113.


MP28114.

1976 Oldsmobile Cutlass S. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 15Sep75; MP28114.


MP28115.

1976 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme/Salon/Brougham. Oldsmobile Division,
General Motors Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors
Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile
Division, General Motors Corporation); 15Sep75; MP28115.


MP28116.

1976 Oldsmobile Starfire. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation); 15Sep75; MP28116.


MP28117.

Refrigerator buyer’s guide. Frigidaire Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Frigidaire Division, General
Motors Corporation); 22Sep75; MP28117.


MP28118.

Microwave ranges. Frigidaire Division, General Motors Corporation. Made
by General Motors Photographic. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Add. ti: Ways to cook with microwave. Appl. au: General
Motors Corporation. © General Motors Corporation (in notice: Frigidaire
Division, General Motors Corporation); 22Sep75; MP28118.


MP28119.

Nytilax—night/day. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer,
Inc.; 18Aug75; MP28119.


MP28120.

Patio lady. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.;
11Aug75; MP28120.


MP28121.

Baby fresh, Desitin skin care—reveal. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.; 17Nov75; MP28121.


MP28122.

Fire safety is your department. Centron Educational Films. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation,
Inc.; 3Oct75; MP28122.


MP28123.

One species among many. Centron Educational Films. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au: Centron Corporation, Inc. © Centron Corporation, Inc.;
3Oct75; MP28123.


MP28124.

Art of the Persian carpet. Centron Educational Films. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Paul Shaper. © Paul Shaper; 16Sep75; MP26124.


MP28125.

Medical malpractice: a critical examination, some sensible solutions.
No. 1 – 2. Everglades Productions, Inc. Made by Adco Productions. 29
min., sd., b & w, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © Everglades
Productions, Inc.; 31Oct75; MP28125.


MP28126.

The Hug of life. Saint Joseph’s Hospital. 14 min., sd., b & w, videotape
(½ in.) © Saint Joseph’s Hospital; 25Aug75; MP28126.


MP28127.

Sonny Liston versus Floyd Patterson for the Heavyweight Championship of
the World, Las Vegas, Nevada, July 22, 1963. Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 10 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. (The Big fights of the
decades) Appl. au: William D. Cayton. © Greatest Fights of the Century,
Inc.; 8Sep63; MP28127.


MP28128.

Floyd Patterson versus Sonny Liston for the Heavyweight Championship of
the World, Chicago, Illinois, September 25, 1962. Greatest Fights of the
Century, Inc. 12 min., sd., b & w, 16 mm. Appl. au: William D. Cayton. ©
Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 18Oct62; MP28128.


MP28129.

Weekend. Program no. 2. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 74 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 13Nov74; MP28129.


MP28130.

Weekend. Program no. 3. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 74 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 4Dec74; MP28130.


MP28131.

Weekend. Program no. 4. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 74 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 2Jan75; MP28131.


MP28132.

Weekend. Program no. 6. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 74 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 12Feb75; MP28132.


MP28133.

Weekend. Program no. 5. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 74 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 22Jan75; MP28133.


MP28134.

Weekend. Program no. 7. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 74 min.,
sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 12Mar75; MP28134.


MP28135.

City for sale. David H. Shlifer. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.)
in cassette. © David H. Shlifer; 24Nov75; MP28135.


MP28136.

The Nerve impulse: generation and propagation of the action potential.
Behavior Communications, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Behavior
Communications, Inc.; 3Dec75; MP28136.


MP28137.

Distress signal. Pfizer, Inc. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer,
Inc.; 24Nov75; MP28137.


MP28138.

Conducting an experiment in cleaning our air. Goldberg-Werrenrath
Productions. Distributed by Journal Films, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Science skills, film no. 5) © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions;
30Sep75; MP28138.


MP28139.

Reverse interpreting practice. Pt. 1. Saint Paul Technical Vocational
Institute. 14 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Saint Paul Technical Vocational
Institute; 1Aug75; MP28139.


MP28140.

CBS morning news, Monday, November 03, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 3Nov75; MP28140.


MP28141.

CBS morning news, Friday, October 24, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 24Oct75; MP28141.


MP28142.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, October 21, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 21Oct75; MP28142.


MP28143.

CBS morning news, Monday, October 20, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 20Oct75; MP28143.


MP28144.

CBS morning news, Thursday, October 23, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 23Oct75; MP28144.


MP28145.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 22, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 22Oct75; MP28145.


MP28146.

CBS morning news, Thursday, October 16, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 16Oct75; MP28146.


MP28147.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, October 29, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 29Oct75; MP28147.


MP28148.

CBS morning news, Thursday, October 30, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 30Oct75; MP28148.


MP28149.

CBS morning news, Friday, October 31, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 31Oct75; MP28149.


MP28150.

CBS morning news, Wednesday, November 05, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 5Nov75; MP28150.


MP28151.

CBS morning news, Tuesday, November 04, 1975. CBS, Inc. 60 min., sd.,
color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.; 4Nov75; MP28151.


MP28152.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, November 04, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
4Nov75; MP28152.


MP28153.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 22, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
22Oct75; MP28153.


MP28154.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 21, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
21Oct75; MP28154.


MP28155.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, October 20, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
20Oct75; MP28155.


MP28156.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 17, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
17Oct75; MP28156.


MP28157.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 16, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
16Oct75; MP28157.


MP28158.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 14, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
14Oct75; MP28158.


MP28159.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Friday, October 31, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
31Oct75; MP28159.


MP28160.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Thursday, October 30, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Oct75; MP28160.


MP28161.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Tuesday, October 28, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
28Oct75; MP28161.


MP28162.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Wednesday, October 29, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
29Oct75; MP28162.


MP28163.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite, Monday, November 03, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 30 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
3Nov75; MP28163.


MP28164.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 27, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
3Nov75; MP28164.


MP28165.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, October 21, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Oct75; MP28165.


MP28166.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 20, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Oct75; MP28166.


MP28167.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 23, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Oct75; MP28167.


MP28168.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 22, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Oct75; MP28168.


MP28169.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 24, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
30Oct75; MP28169.


MP28170.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Thursday, October 16, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Nov75; MP28170.


MP28171.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 15, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Nov75; MP28171.


MP28172.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, October 14, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Nov75; MP28172.


MP28173.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Friday, October 17, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Nov75; MP28173.


MP28174.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Monday, October 13, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
5Nov75; MP28174.


MP28175.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Wednesday, October 29, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
3Nov75; MP28175.


MP28176.

CBS midday news with Douglas Edwards, Tuesday, October 28, 1975. CBS,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape (¾ in.) in cassette. © CBS, Inc.;
3Nov75; MP28176.


MP28177.

Microscopic life. Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire,
Inc. 14 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Coronet
Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 24Nov75; MP28177.


MP28178.

Assembly-level training course for the ADM-1 and ADM-2 display terminal.
Lear Siegler, Inc., Electronic Instrumentation Division. 154 min., sd.,
b & w, videotape (½ in.) © Lear Siegler, Inc., Electronic
Instrumentation Division; 19Dec74; MP28178.


MP28179.

A Living lake. Central and Southern Florida Flood Control District. Made
by Bird Logan Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Central
and Southern Florida Flood Control District; 22Oct75; MP28179.


MP28180.

1976 GM vehicle warranty. General Motors Corporation. Made by General
Motors Photographic. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. ©
General Motors Corporation; 30Oct75; MP28180.


MP28181.

Cadillac value protection plan. Cadillac Motor Car Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by General Motors Photographic. 4 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au: General Motors Corporation. ©
General Motors Corporation (in notice: Cadillac Motor Car Division,
General Motors Corporation); 5Nov75; MP28181.


MP28182.

The Technique of transnasal pituitary surgery. Richards Manufacturing
Company, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Richards Manufacturing
Company, Inc.; 19Sep75; MP28182.


MP28183.

The Surgical technique of the Bechtol total shoulder replacement. A
communications service of Richards Manufacturing Company, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Richards Manufacturing Company; 14May75; MP28183.


MP28184.

Lucky! Missouri Pacific Railroad Company. 3 min., sd., b & w, videotape
(¾ in.) in cassette. © Missouri Pacific Railroad Company; 11Dec75;
MP28184.


MP28185.

Tribute to Africa: the photography of Eliot Elisofon. The Museum of
African Art. Made by Light Works, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The
Museum of African Art; 15Sep75; MP28185.


MP28186.

Energy in the 70’s. United States Steel Corporation, South Works,
Training Bureau. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au: United States
Steel Corporation, employer for hire. © United States Steel Corporation;
13Nov75; MP28186.


                                   MU


MU9392.

The Transconjunctival approach to the orbital floor for correction of
traumatic lesions. Mutaz B. Habal. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Mutaz
B. Habal; 7Jul75; MU9392.


MU9393.

Vote no. Gary Kenneth Jordano. 3 min., si., Super 8 mm. © Gary Kenneth
Jordano; 21Jul75; MU9393.


MU9394.

Gateway to the West. Jefferson National Expansion Historical
Association, Inc. Made by Premier Film and Recording Corporation. 30
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Jefferson National Expansion Historical
Association, Inc.; 30Jun75; MU9394.


MU9395.

Learning: a “tremendous” experience. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 1,200
ft., sd. Prev. reg. 16Apr75, C32106. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the
sole owner of American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9395.


MU9396.

Profile of a winner. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 1,105 ft., sd. Prev.
reg. 16Apr75, C32103. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of
American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9396.


MU9397.

Larry Wilson talks about selling. Perception Film Productions, division
of American Salesmasters, Inc. 1,460 ft., sd. Prev. reg. 1May72, C27021.
© American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of American Salesmasters,
Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9397.


MU9398.

This is Jesse Owens. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 1,135 ft., sd. Prev.
reg. 1May72, C27019. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of
American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9398.


MU9399.

Today: the first day of the rest of your life. American Salesmasters,
Ltd. Made by The Better Mousetrap, Inc. 1,115 ft., sd. Prev. reg.
1May72, C27149. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of The
Better Mousetrap, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9399.


MU9400.

Selling is simple. American Salesmasters, Ltd. Made by The Better
Mousetrap, Inc. 1,500 ft., sd. Prev. reg. 1May72, C27148. © American
Salesmasters, Ltd. the sole owner of The Better Mousetrap, Inc.;
14Jul75; MU9400.


MU9401.

Responsible selling. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 760 ft., sd. Prev. reg.
3Jan73, C28184. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of
American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9401.


MU9402.

An Appointment with Doctor Charles Jarvis. American Salesmasters, Ltd.
980 ft., sd. Prev. reg. 16Apr75, C32105. © American Salesmasters, Ltd.,
the sole owner of American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9402.


MU9403.

To be yourself. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 1,015 ft., sd. Prev. reg.
16Apr75, C32107. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of
American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9403.


MU9404.

Trust: a professional obligation. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 990 ft.,
sd. Prev. reg. 16Apr75, C32101. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole
owner of American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9404.


MU9405.

The Leading edge. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 1,170 ft., sd. Prev. reg.
16Apr75, C32104. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of
American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9405.


MU9406.

Responsible to versus responsible for. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 925
ft., sd. Prev. reg. 3Jan73, C28185. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the
sole owner of American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9406.


MU9407.

Just for the fun of it. American Salesmasters, Ltd. 1,090 ft., sd. Prev.
reg. 16Apr75, C32102. © American Salesmasters, Ltd., the sole owner of
American Salesmasters, Inc.; 14Jul75; MU9407.


MU9408.

The Leningrad Kirov training film. David Holmes. 416 min., sd., b & w,
16 mm. © David Holmes; 11Jun75; MU9408.


MU9409.

Mammography; a guide to radiograph positioning. Learning Resources
center, College of DuPage. 20 min., videotape. (Radiologic technology
program) Appl. au: College of DuPage. © College of DuPage; 7Aug75;
MU9409.


MU9410.

American patriot’s park. Cyril L. Johnston, Jr. 51 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. © Cyril L. Johnston, Jr.; 21Apr75; MU9410.


MU9411.

Weather or not. Babe ’n the Wood Productions, Inc. 6 min., videotape. ©
Babe ’n the Wood Productions, Inc.; 28Jul75; MU9411.


MU9412.

All in the name of a song. Music City Films. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au: William W. Hunt. © Sid O’Berry & William W. Hunt; 10Jul75;
MU9412.


MU9413.

Karate sensei. Erik Shiozaki. 10 min., color, 16 mm. © Erik Shiozaki &
Deborah Pauly; 16Jun75; MU9413.


MU9414.

Movement. Benjamin Young. 23 min., sd., color. © Benjamin Young;
21Jul75; MU9414.


MU9415.

VO5 pH dip test. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 3Jul75; MU9415.


MU9416.

Barber shop. Alberto Culver Company. Rev. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 22Aug75; MU9416.


MU9417.

Bookends. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 22Aug75; MU9417.


MU9418.

About my father’s business. Christian Science Board of Directors. 25
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 8Mar74, MU8969. NM: revisions. ©
Christian Science Board of Directors; 18Jul75; MU9418.


MU9419.

Instant hula. James K. Lindo. 3 min., color, 8 mm. © James K. Lindo;
22Sep75; MU9419.


MU9420.

Drug education. The University of Akron. 60 min., sd., videotape.
(Update on drugs, program 10) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75;
MU9420.


MU9421.

An Update on the Akron drug scene. The University of Akron. 60 min.,
sd., videotape. (Update on drugs, program 09) © The University of Akron;
12Sep75; MU9421.


MU9422.

Methadone maintenance—a status report. The University of Akron. 60 min.,
sd., videotape. (Update on drugs, program 08) © The University of Akron;
12Sep75; MU9422.


MU9423.

Drugs and beyond. The University of Akron. 60 min., sd., videotape.
(Update on drugs, program 07) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75;
MU9423.


MU9424.

Conceptualizing drug abuse. The University of Akron. 60 min., sd.,
videotape. (Update on drugs, program 06) © The University of Akron;
12Sep75; MU9424.


MU9425.

Drugs and the law. The University of Akron. 60 min., sd., videotape.
(Update on drugs, program 05) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75;
MU9425.


MU9426.

Brian at 17. The University of Akron. 60 min., sd., videotape. (Update
on drugs, program 04) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9426.


MU9427.

Our drug oriented society. The University of Akron. 60 min., sd.,
videotape. (Update on drugs, program 03) © The University of Akron;
12Sep75; MU9427.


MU9428.

Changing attitudes toward drug abuse. The University of Akron. 60 min.,
sd., videotape. (Update on drugs, program 02) © The University of Akron;
12Sep75; MU9428.


MU9429.

Changing. The University of Akron. 60 min., sd., videotape. (Update on
drugs, program 01) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9429.


MU9430.

After a coronary. The University of Akron in association with the Akron
Chapter, American Heart Association. 60 min., sd., videotape.
(Heartline, program 04) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9430.


MU9431.

Introduction and anatomy. The University of Akron in association with
the Akron Chapter of the American Heart Association. 60 min., sd.,
videotape. (Heartline, program 01) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75;
MU9431.


MU9432.

Research, past, present and future. The Akron Chapter, American Heart
Association in association with the University of Akron. 60 min., sd.,
videotape. (Heartline, program 02) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75;
MU9432.


MU9433.

Emergency heart care. The University of Akron in association with the
Akron Chapter, American Heart Association. 60 min., sd., videotape.
(Heartline, program 03) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9433.


MU9434.

Children and heart disease. The Akron Chapter, American Heart
Association in association with the University of Akron. 60 min., sd.,
videotape. (Heartline, program 09) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75;
MU9434.


MU9435.

Smoking. The University of Akron in association with the Akron Chapter,
American Heart Association. 60 min., sd., videotape. (Heartline, program
05) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9435.


MU9436.

Diet and heart disease. The University of Akron in association with the
Akron Chapter, American Heart Association. 60 min., sd., videotape.
(Heartline, program 06) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9436.


MU9437.

Exercise. The University of Akron in association with the Akron Chapter,
American Heart Association. 60 min., sd., videotape. (Heartline, program
07) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9437.


MU9438.

High blood pressure. The University of Akron in association with the
Akron Chapter, American Heart Association. 60 min., sd., videotape.
(Heartline, program 08) © The University of Akron; 12Sep75; MU9438.


MU9439.

Developing a lesson plan about heart disease. The Akron Chapter,
American Heart Association in association with the University of Akron.
60 min., sd., videotape. (Heartline, program 10) © The University of
Akron; 12Sep75; MU9439.


MU9440.

Willy Nelson’s Fourth of July picnic. Joseph Kaufman. 93 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Joseph Kaufman; 6Aug75; MU9440.


MU9441.

A New common-wealth together: a history of the town of Bedford,
Massachusetts. Paul C. Kimball. 16 min., sd., 16 mm. © Paul C. Kimball;
28Jul75; MU9441.


MU9442.

Skeletal features of the thorax. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic
anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 1Aug75;
MU9442.


MU9443.

Topographic anatomy of the abdomen. Teaching Films, Inc., division of
A-V Corporation. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic
anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 29Aug75;
MU9443.


MU9444.

Skeletal features of the pelvis. Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
Corporation. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic
anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation; 29Aug75;
MU9444.


MU9445.

Topographic anatomy of the pelvis, perineum and inguinal region.
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corporation. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Skeletal and topographic anatomy) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corporation; 29Aug75; MU9445.


MU9446.

G. L. CBS, Inc. 15 min., sd. © CBS, Inc.; 4Aug75; MU9446.


MU9447.

Hockey player. Western Savings and Loan Association. 30 seconds, sd.
Appl. au: Grey Advertising. © Western Savings and Loan Association;
5Aug75; MU9447.


MU9448.

Waitress. Western Savings and Loan Association. 30 seconds, sd. Appl.
au: Grey Advertising. © Western Savings and Loan Association; 5Aug75;
MU9448.


MU9449.

Cowboy. Western Savings and Loan Association. 30 seconds, sd. Appl. au:
Grey Advertising. © Western Savings and Loan Association; 5Aug75;
MU9449.


MU9450.

Orop Felt Lake, March 1, 1975. Harold Treacy, president, Cotati Research
Institute. 28 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Life Energy Filmworks;
15Sep75; MU9450.


MU9451.

Sequence of horse races. Video Turf, Inc. 56 min., sd., color,
videotape. NM: compilation & editing. © Video Turf, Inc.; 9Oct75;
MU9451.


MU9452.

Parade. Video Turf, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, videotape in cassette. NM:
compilation & editing. © Video Turf, Inc.; 9Oct75; MU9452.


MU9453.

A Story told. Jules Maurice Trammel. 10 min., color, 16 mm. © Jules
Maurice Trammel; 30Sep75; MU9453.


MU9454.

Tai-Chi: an ancient way to health. Pt. 1. Shih Kuang Lin. 15 min., sd.,
color, videotape. © Carlton Enterprises; 15Oct75; MU9454.


MU9455.

Someone please help. University of Texas, School of Public Health. 29
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © University of Texas, School of Public Health;
23Oct75; MU9455.


MU9456.

The Kid from G.O.L.F. Topol Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd. © Topol
Productions, Inc.; 25Sep75; MU9456.


MU9457.

Pipe welding: direct application technique. Horace Frommelt. 10 motion
pictures (3 min. each) © Horace Frommelt; 21Oct75; MU9457.


MU9458.

Accordo. Paolo Gazzarri. 44 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. © Paolo
Gazzarri; 28Oct75; MU9458.


MU9459.

Viva Baja. Roger Tilton Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color. © Reuben H.
Fleet Space Theater; 4Nov75; MU9459.


MU9460.

Laserium. Laser Images, Inc. 60 min. © Laser Images, Inc.; 4Nov75;
MU9460.


MU9461.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program no. 622. Worldwide Church of God. 26 min.,
sd., videotape. © Worldwide Church of God; 19Nov75; MU9461.


MU9462.

Hair Naturally spot number 2. Hair Naturally, Inc. 1 min., sd. © Hair
Naturally, Inc.; 13Nov75; MU9462.


MU9463.

Hair Naturally spot number 4. Hair Naturally, Inc. 1 min., sd. © Hair
Naturally, Inc.; 13Nov75; MU9463.


MU9464.

Hair Naturally spot number 3. Hair Naturally, Inc. 1 min., sd. © Hair
Naturally, Inc.; 13Nov75; MU9464.


MU9465.

Hair Naturally spot number 1. Hair Naturally, Inc. 1 min., sd. © Hair
Naturally, Inc.; 13Nov75; MU9465.


MU9466.

The Project team concept, an approach to problems of productivity.
Kaiser Steel Corporation. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Kaiser Steel
Corporation; 17Nov75; MU9466.


MU9467.

1956 NHRA Championship Drag Races. Fredrich T. Lieb. 475 ft., color. ©
Fredrich T. Lieb; 14Nov75; MU9467.


MU9468.

The Core evaluation process. Melrose Public Schools, Department of
Parent-Pupil Services. 33 min., sd., b & w, videotape. (From here to
there—special children, special needs) © Melrose Public Schools,
Department of Parent-Pupil Services; 15Dec75; MU9468.


MU9469.

Hunting trails and primitive weapons. Charles S. Phelps. 53 min., color,
16 mm. © Charles S. Phelps; 20Nov75; MU9469.


MU9470.

Why a rainbow? Brian B. Schwartz. 7 min., color, 8 mm. © Brian B.
Schwartz; 26Nov75; MU9470.


MU9471.

Heartsong, U.S.A. The Musical Arts Association. 60 min., sd., b & w,
videotape. © The Musical Arts Association; 28Nov75; MU9471.


MU9472.

Barber shop, revised: with ladies tag. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company; 17Nov75; MU9472.


MU9473.

So professional. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 17Nov75; MU9473.


MU9474.

Holding, tag A. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 17Nov75; MU9474.


MU9475.

Young hairdresser, with tag. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company; 17Nov75; MU9475.


MU9476.

Leave something behind. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Alberto Culver Company; 17Nov75; MU9476.


MU9477.

Skinny arise. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 17Nov75; MU9477.


MU9478.

Body and Spice and Everything Nice. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company; 17Nov75; MU9478.


MU9479.

To prove a point. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 8Dec75; MU9479.


MU9480.

Leader, revised. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 8Dec75; MU9480.


MU9481.

Cranio-orbital correction of orbital hypertelorism (teleorbitism) Mutaz
B. Habal. 25 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Mutaz B. Habal; 2Dec75; MU9481.


MU9482.

A New standard in v-belts. Eaton Corporation. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Eaton Corporation; 8Dec75; MU9482.


MU9483.

Skiing rivers of ice. John P. Wendland. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
John P. Wendland; 12Dec75; MU9483.


MU9484.

New York spotlight. Scott Powers Productions, Inc. 30 min. © Scott
Powers Productions, Inc.; 2Jan76; MU9484.


MU9485.

Improving eating habit. Tape 1 – 2. Edisen Communications, Inc. 60 min.,
sd., color, videotape. Appl. au: Clayton B. Edisen. © Edisen
Communications, Inc.; 16Dec75; MU9485.


MU9486.

Improving eating habit. Tape 3. Edisen Communications, Inc. 37 min.,
sd., color, videotape. Appl. au: Clayton B. Edisen & Barbara S. Edisen.
© Edisen Communications, Inc.; 16Dec75; MU9486.


MU9487.

Bushido, the way of the warrior. Atman Productions, Inc. 9 min., si.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au: Arthur Pryor. © Atman Productions, Inc.; 6Jan76;
MU9487.


MU9488.

Reverence. Renhagen, Inc. 26 min., sd., videotape. © Renhagen, Inc.
(Expressions); 1Dec75; MU9488.




                         Renewal Registrations


                                   R


R608312.

Banquet busters. 7 min. © 12Mar48; M2800. Walter Lantz Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 24Apr75; R608312.


R608333.

Jungle flight. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 22Aug47; L1174.
Paramount Pictures Corporation (PWH); 24Jun75; R608333.


R608334.

Paramount news, number 083. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
12Jun48; M3166. Major News Library (PWH); 24Jun75; R608334.


R608335.

Paramount news, number 084. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
16Jun48; M3167. Major News Library (PWH); 24Jun75; R608335.


R608336.

Paramount news, number 085. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
19Jun48; M3168. Major News Library (PWH); 24Jun75; R608336.


R608433.

The Bear and the hare. By Loew’s, Inc. 645 ft. © 17Jun48; L1671.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 23Jun75; R608433.


R608528.

Spills and thrills. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Sep47;
MP2409. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 23Jun75; R608528.


R608529.

News parade of 1947. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Nov47;
MP2623. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 23Jun75; R608529.


R608530.

Pole vault. By United World Films, Inc. 398 ft. © 7Jan48 (in notice:
1947); MP2388. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 23Jun75;
R608530.


R608531.

Distances. By United World Films, Inc. 390 ft. © 7Jan48 (in notice:
1947); MP2389. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 23Jun75;
R608531.


R608548.

Kit for cat. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 7 min. © 28Oct48 (in notice:
1947); M3516. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 23Jun75; R608548.


R608549.

Porky chops. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 18Dec48 (in notice:
1947); M3804. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 23Jun75; R608549.


R608550.

Mouse wreckers. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 28Apr49 (in
notice: 1947); M4016. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 23Jun75; R608550.


R608551.

Hare-do. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Dec47; M4151. Warner
Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 23Jun75; R608551.


R608641.

The Iron Curtain. 9 reels. © 11May48; L1767. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 14Jul75; R608641.


R608642.

The Winner’s circle. 7 reels. © 21May48; L1860. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 14Jul75; R608642.


R608643.

Green grass of Wyoming. 10 reels. © 16May48; L1963. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 14Jul75; R608643.


R608644.

Dying to live. (Lew Lehr’s Dribble-puss parade) 1 reel. © 12May48;
M3237. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 14Jul75; R608644.


R608821.

Blondie’s reward. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 12May48;
L1589. King Features Syndicate, a division of The Hearst Corporation
(PWH); 3Jul75; R608821.


R608825.

A Date with Judy. By Loew’s, Inc. 10,176 ft. © 29Jun48; L1714.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Jul75; R608825.


R608826.

Martin Block’s Musical merry-go-round; with Ray Noble & his orchestra
& Buddy Clark. By Loew’s, Inc. 974 ft. © 29Jun48; M3156.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Jul75; R608826.


R608944.

Kiddie koncert. 1 reel. © 23Apr48; M2899. Walter Lantz Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 10Jul75; R608944.


R609039.

Paramount news, number 086. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
23Jun48; M3169. Major News Library (PWH); 9Jul75; R609039.


R609040.

Paramount news, number 087. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
26Jun48; M3170. Major News Library (PWH); 9Jul75; R609040.


R609041.

Paramount news, number 088. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
30Jun48; M3171. Major News Library (PWH); 9Jul75; R609041.


R609042.

Paramount news, number 089. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
3Jul48; M3192. Major News Library (PWH); 9Jul75; R609042.


R609043.

Paramount news, number 090. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
7Jul48; M3193. Major News Library (PWH); 9Jul75; R609043.


R609061.

High tide. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels; from a story by
Raoul Whitfield. © 21Jul47; L1190. J. D. Wrather, Jr. (PWH); 10Ju175;
R609061.


R609062.

Perilous waters. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5,715 ft. © 21Feb48;
L1570. J. D. Wrather, Jr. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609062.


R609084.

The Truce hurts. By Loew’s, Inc. 714 ft. © 8Jul48; L1836.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609084.


R609085.

Just suppose. By Loew’s, Inc. 791 ft. © 8Jul48; M3333.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609085.


R609086.

Martin Block’s Musical merry-go-round; with Les Brown & his orchestra &
Virginia O’Brien. By Loew’s, Inc. 913 ft. © 8Jul48; M3417.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609086.


R609089.

Guns of hate. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 27May48; L1649. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609089.


R609090.

Berlin express. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 6May48; L1651.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; P609090.


R609091.

Fighting Father Dunne. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 11May48;
L1688. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609091.


R609092.

Return of the bad men. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 23Jun48;
L1727. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609092.


R609093.

Mystery in Mexico. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 27Jun48;
L1728. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 10Jul75; R609093.


R609167.

Wallflower. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 12Jun48; L1659.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 9Jul75; R609167.


R609168.

Popeye meets Hercules. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Jun48;
L1677. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 9Jul75; R609168.


R609169.

Romance on the high seas. By Michael Curtiz Productions, Inc. 10 reels.
© 26Jun48; L1698. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 9Jul75;
R609169.


R609170.

The Big punch. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 19Jun48;
L1699. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 9Jul75; R609170.


R609171.

Canon City. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 8 reels. © 30Jun48; L1713. United
Artists Corporation (PWH); 9Jul75; R609171.


R609172.

Built for speed. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 1Jun48; M3088.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 9Jul75; R609172.


R609173.

State of the Union. By Loew’s, Inc. 13 reels. © 23Mar48; L1534. Emka
Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 25Jul75; R609173.


R609255.

King of gamblers. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 7May48;
L1595. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609255.


R609256.

Carson City raiders. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 7May48;
L1596. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609256.


R609257.

The Timber trail. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 21May48;
L1629. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609257.


R609258.

Secret Service investigator. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
24May48; L1709. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609258.


R609259.

Gallant legion. By Republic Productions, Inc. © 24May48; L1710. Repix,
Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609259.


R609260.

Train to Alcatraz. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 24Jun48;
L1711. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609260.


R609261.

Adventures of Frank and Jesse James. Trailer & eps. no. 1 – 7. By
Republic Productions, Inc. 15 reels. © 26Jul48; L1757. Repix, Inc.
(PWH); 14Jul75; R609261.


R609262.

Marshal of Amarillo. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 26Jul48;
L1759. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609262.


R609263.

Daredevils of the clouds. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
26Jul48; L1813. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609263.


R609264.

Renegades of Sonora. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 24Nov48;
L2040. Repix, Ing. (sic) (PWH); 14Jul75; R609264.


R609280.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 277. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Jun48; M3205. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609280.


R609281.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 278. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Jun48; M3206. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609281.


R609282.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 279. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 9Jun48; M3317. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609282.


R609283.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 284. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Jun48; M3318. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609283.


R609284.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 280. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Jun48; M3319. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609284.


R609285.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 281. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 16Jun48; M3320. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609285.


R609286.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 282. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Jun48; M3321. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609286.


R609287.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 283. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 23Jun48; M3322. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609287.


R609288.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 285. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 30Jun48; M3323. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 16Jul75; R609288.


R609363.

Chicago the beautiful. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 min. © 22Jul48; M3316.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jul75; R609363.


R609381.

Make mine freedom. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Apr48; L1607.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Jul75; R609381.


R609422.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 105. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Jan48; M2745. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609422.


R609423.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 106. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jan48; M2746. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609423.


R609424.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 107. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Jan48; M2747. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609424.


R609425.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 108. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Jan48; M2748. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609425.


R609426.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 109. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © l5Jan48; M2749. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609426.


R609427.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 110. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Jan48; M2750. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609427.


R609428.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 111. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Jan48; M2751. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609428.


R609429.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 112. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Jan48; M2752. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609429.


R609430.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 113. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Jan48; M2753. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609430.


R609431.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 114. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Feb48; M2754. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609431.


R609432.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 115. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Feb48; M2832. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609432.


R609433.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 116. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Feb48; M2833. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609433.


R609434.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 117. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Feb48; M2834. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609434.


R609435.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 118. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Feb48; M2835. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609435.


R609436.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 119. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Feb48; M2836. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609436.


R609437.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 120. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Feb48; M2837. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609437.


R609438.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 121. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Feb48; M2838. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 16Jul75; R609438.


R609439.

Lamp post favorites. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
16Feb48; M2902. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609439.


R609440.

Hall of Fame. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Feb48;
M2917. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609440.


R609441.

Chimp aviator. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Feb48;
M2966. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609441.


R609442.

Brooklyn makes capital. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
16Feb48; M2968. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609442.


R609443.

Harnessed lightning. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. ©
16Feb48; M2969. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609443.


R609444.

Snow capers. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 16Feb48;
M2970. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609444.


R609445.

Fight of the wild stallions. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 16Feb48; M3071. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609445.


R609446.

Wind, curves and trap door. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 16Feb48; M3072. Universal Pictures (PWH); 16Jul75; R609446.


R609662.

Winter storage. 1 reel. © 11Jun48; L2351. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
3Jul75; R609662.


R609703.

Wacky bye baby. 1 reel. © 16Jul48; M3267. Walter Lantz Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 23Jul75; R609703.


R609773.

The Exile. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 8Mar48;
L1674. The Westridge Organization, Ltd. (PWH); 14Jul75; R609773.


R609790.

Jinx money. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 27Jun48; L1751.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun75; R609790.


R609791.

Awful orphan. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 28Dec48 (in
notice: 1947); M3805. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 27Jun75; R609791.


R609807.

Black Bart. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. © 24Mar48;
L1572. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Jul75; R609807.


R609808.

A Woman’s vengeance. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. ©
8Mar48; L1648. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Jul75; R609808.


R609809.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 122. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Mar48; M2839. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609809.


R609810.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 123. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Mar48; M2840. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609810.


R609811.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 124. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Mar48; M2841. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609811.


R609812.

Powder River gunfire. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 3 reels. ©
24Mar48; M2855. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Jul75; R609812.


R609813.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 125. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Mar48; M2867. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609813.


R609814.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 126. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Mar48; M2868. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609814.


R609815.

Tex Beneke and his orchestra. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 23Mar48; M2872. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Jul75; R609815.


R609816.

Men, women and motion. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
23Mar48; M2875. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Jul75; R609816.


R609817.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 129. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Mar48; M2958. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609817.


R609818.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 130. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Mar48; M2959. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609818.


R609819.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 131. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Apr48; M2960. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609819.


R609820.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 132. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Apr48; M2961. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609820.


R609821.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 133. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Apr48; M2962. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609821.


R609822.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 134. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Apr48; M2963. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609822.


R609823.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 135. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Apr48; M2964. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Ju175; R609823.


R609824.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 136. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Apr48; M2965. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609824.


R609825.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 137. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Apr48; M3079. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609825.


R609826.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 138. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Apr48; M3080. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609826.


R609827.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 139. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Apr48; M3081. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609827.


R609828.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 140. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 4May48; M3082. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609828.


R609829.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 141. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 7May48; M3083. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609829.


R609830.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 142. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 11May48; M3084. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609830.


R609831.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 143. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 13May48; M3085. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609831.


R609832.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 144. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18May48; M3098. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609832.


R609833.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 127. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Mar48; M3172. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609833.


R609834.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 128. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Mar48; M3173. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609834.


R609835.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 145. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 20May48; M3174. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609835.


R609836.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 146. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 25May48; M3175. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609836.


R609837.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 147. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 27May48; M3176. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 18Jul75; R609837.


R610211.

Fighting back. 6 reels. © 7Jul48; L2025. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 14Jul75; R610211.


R610212.

Deep waters. 10 reels. © 7Jul48; L2059. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 14Jul75; R610212.


R610335.

Road to Rio. By Hope Enterprises, Inc. & Bing Crosby Enterprises, Inc.
10 reels. © 25Aug47; L1171. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. (PWH);
25Jul75; R610335.


R610420.

Gandy Goose and the Chipper Chipmunk. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. ©
12May48; L1633. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Aug75; R610420.


R610421.

Mighty Mouse and the magician. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Apr48;
L1641. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 11Aug75; R610421.


R610422.

Felix the fox. By Terrytoons, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Mar48; L1642. Viacom
International, Inc. (PWH); 11Aug75; R610422.


R610423.

Heckle and Jeckle the talking magpies in Taming the cat. By Terrytoons,
Inc. 1 reel. © 14Apr48; L1661. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH);
11Aug75; R610423.


R610478.

The Street with no name. 10 reels. © 25Jun48; L2008. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 28Jul75; R610478.


R610479.

The Checkered coat. 7 reels. © 16Jun48; L2021. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 28Jul75; R610479.


R610480.

Scenic Sweden. (Movietone adventure) 1 reel. © 23Jun48; M3309. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 28Jul75; R610480.


R610633.

A Crooked deal. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger, episode
no. 06) 2 reels. © 6May48; L1585. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 30Jul75; R610633.


R610634.

The Rider unmasked. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 07) 2 reels. © 13May48; L1587. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610634.


R610635.

The Black arrow. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 20May48;
L1612. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610635.


R610636.

The Fuller Brush man. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. ©
20May48; L1614. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75;
R610636.


R610637.

The Man from Colorado. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
20May48; L1615. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75;
R610637.


R610638.

Tex finds trouble. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 01) 3 reels. © 1Apr48; L1620. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610638.


R610639.

Trail to Laredo. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 5 reels. © 24May48;
L1627. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610639.


R610640.

The Rider trapped. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 09) 2 reels. © 27May48; L1632. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610640.


R610641.

Crabbin’ in the cabin. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
13May48; L1667. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75;
R610641.


R610642.

Fiddlers three. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 6May48;
L1668. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610642.


R610643.

The Sheepish wolf. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 27May48;
L1683. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610643.


R610644.

Champions in the making. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. ©
13May48; L1717. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75;
R610644.


R610645.

Jean Hersholt party. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen
snapshots, ser. 27) 1 reel. © 6May48; M2974. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul75; R610645.


R610725.

A Southern Yankee. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 reels. © 28Jul48; L1748.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 31Jul75; R610725.


R610726.

Luxury liner. By Loew’s, Inc. 10 reels. © 28Ju148; L1749.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 31Jul75; R610726.


R610727.

Half pint pygmy. By Loew’s, Inc. 7 min. © 28Jul48; L1811.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 31Jul75; R610727.


R610841.

The Gangster. 7754 ft. © 22Nov47; L1413. Allied Artists Productions,
Inc. (PWH); 5Aug75; R610841.


R610842.

Smart politics. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6076 ft. © 3Jan48;
L1432. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610842.


R610843.

Song of the drifter. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 4798 ft. ©
17Jan48; L1433. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610843.


R610844.

Overland trails. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5200 ft. © 7Feb48;
L1463. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610844.


R610845.

Joe Palooka in Fighting mad. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6742 ft.
© 7Feb48; L1464. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610845.


R610846.

Oklahoma blues. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 28Mar48;
L1542. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610846.


R610847.

Rocky. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 4 reels. © 21Feb48; L1558.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610847.


R610848.

Campus sleuth. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 4Apr48;
L1569. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610848.


R610849.

Smart woman. 10 reels. © 30Apr48; L1590. Allied Artists Productions,
Inc. (PWH); 5Aug75; R610849.


R610850.

Docks of New Orleans. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5798 ft. ©
21Mar48; L1610. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610850.


R610851.

Crossed trails. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 4793 ft. © 11Apr48;
L1611. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610851.


R610852.

French leave. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5754 ft. © 11Apr48;
L1617. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610852.


R610853.

Climbing the Matterhorn. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
1Dec47; L1625. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610853.


R610854.

Partners of the sunset. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
9May48; L1630. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610854.


R610855.

Frontier agent. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 5121 ft. © 16May48;
L1631. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610855.


R610856.

The Dude goes west. 7825 ft. © 30May48; L1691. Allied Artists
Productions, Inc. (PWH); 5Aug75; R610856.


R610857.

Range renegades. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 6Jun48;
L1696. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610857.


R610858.

Triggerman. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 20Jun48; L1697.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610858.


R610859.

I wouldn’t be in your shoes. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels.
© 23May48; L1708. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610859.


R610860.

Stage struck. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 13Jun48;
L1747. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 5Aug75; R610860.


R610881.

Paramount news, number 091. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
10Jul48; M3214. Major News Library (PWH); 5Aug75; R610881.


R610882.

Paramount news, number 092. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
14Jul48; M3215. Major News Library (PWH); 5Aug75; R610882.


R610883.

Paramount news, number 093. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
17Jul48; M3221. Major News Library (PWH); 5Aug75; R610883.


R610884.

Paramount news, number 094. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
21Jul48; M3222. Major News Library (PWH); 5Aug75; R610884.


R610885.

Paramount news, number 095. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
24Jul48; M3223. Major News Library (PWH); 5Aug75; R610885.


R610886.

Paramount news, number 096. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
28Jul48; M3227. Major News Library (PWH); 5Aug75; R610886.


R610887.

Paramount news, number 097. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
31Jul48; M3242. Major News Library (PWH); 5Aug75; R610887.


R610957.

Bubble bee. 1 reel. © 12Jul48; L2349. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
4Aug75; R610957.


R610986.

Black Narcissus. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 12 reels. © 3Jun48;
L1925. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7Aug75; R610986.


R610987.

The Blue lagoon. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 11 reels. © 1Aug48;
LP426. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7Aug75; R610987.


R610988.

The Calendar. By Gainsborough Pictures (1928), Ltd. 9 reels. © 5Jul48;
LF150. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 7Aug75; R610988.


R611112.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 286. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Jul48; M3324. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611112.


R611113.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 287. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Jul48; M3325. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611113.


R611114.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 288. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 9Jul48; M3326. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611114.


R611115.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 289. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Jul48; M3327. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611115.


R611116.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 290. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 16Jul48; M3328. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611116.


R611117.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 291. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Jul48; M3335. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611117.


R611118.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 292. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 23Jul48; M3336. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611118.


R611119.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 293. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Jul48; M3337. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611119.


R611120.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 294. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 30Jul48; M3338. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Aug75; R611120.


R611477.

Julia misbehaves. By Loew’s, Inc. 99 min. © 11Aug48; L1840.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Aug75; R611477.


R611478.

Hills of home. By Loew’s, Inc. 97 min. © 11Aug48; L1843.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Aug75; R611478.


R611662.

Wolf in sheik’s clothing. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Jul48;
L1740. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Aug75; R611662.


R611663.

Key Largo. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 31Ju148; L1750.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Aug75; R611663.


R611776.

Wife to spare. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 20Nov47;
L1318. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611776.


R611777.

Should husbands marry? By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
13Nov47; L1319. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75;
R611777.


R611778.

All gummed up. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 11Dec47;
L1348. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611778.


R611779.

Radio romeo. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 25Dec47;
L1403. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75: R611779.


R611780.

Aren’t we all? By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 27Nov47;
L1421. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611780.


R611781.

Midnight ambush. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger, episode
no. 10) 2 reels. © 3Jun48; L1639. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 18Aug75; R611781.


R611782.

Renegade roundup. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 11) 2 reels. © 10Jun48; L1647. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611782.


R611783.

Blazing across the Pecos. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
17Jun48; L1662. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75;
R611783.


R611784.

Thunderhoof. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 16Jun48;
L1663. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611784.


R611785.

Hollywood party. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen snapshots,
ser. 27) 1 reel. © 10Jun48; L1664. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 18Aug75; R611785.


R611786.

No holds barred. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 17Jun48;
L1679. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75: R611786.


R611787.

Pardon my lambchop. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
10Jun48; L1684. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75;
R611787.


R611788.

Flat feat. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 min. © 24Jun48; L1703.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611788.


R611789.

Wedlock deadlock. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 18Dec47;
L1724. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; B611789.


R611790.

Blaze takes over. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 13) 2 reels. © 24Jun48; L1819. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611790.


R611791.

Bowling kings. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 13Nov47;
M2517. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611791.


R611792.

Community sing. Ser. 12, no. 3. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 6Nov47; M2518. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
18Aug75; R611792.


R611793.

The Lecuona Cuban Boys. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Thrills of
music, ser. 2, no. 3) 1 reel. © 13Nov47; M2540. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611793.


R611794.

Out of this world series. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen
snapshots, ser. 27, no. 5) 1 reel. © 27Nov47; M2555. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611794.


R611795.

Community sing. Ser. 12, no. 4. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 4Dec47; M2703. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
18Aug75; R611795.


R611796.

Community sing. Ser. 12, no. 5. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 28Dec47; M2717. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
18Aug75; R611796.


R611797.

Navy crew champions. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. ©
25Dec47; M2735. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75;
R611797.


R611798.

Skitch Henderson and his orchestra. By Columbia Pictures Corporation.
(Thrills of music, ser. 2, no. 4) 1 reel. © 11Dec47; M2736. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611798.


R611799.

Community sing. Ser. 12, no. 8. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 3Jun48; M3093. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
18Aug75; R611799.


R611800.

Gene Krupa and his orchestra. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Thrills
of music, ser. 2, no. 7) 1 reel. © 10Jun48; M3096. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug75; R611800.


R611801.

Off the air. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen snapshots, ser.
27, no. 6) 1 reel. © 18Dec47; M3624. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 18Aug75; R611801.


R611935.

That lady in ermine. 10 reels. © 10Aug48; L2027. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 18Aug75; R611935.


R611936.

The Walls of Jericho. 10 reels. © 4Aug48; L2031. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 18Aug75; R611936.


R611937.

Escape. 78 min. © 14Aug48; L2307. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation
(PWH); 18Aug75; R611937.


R611938.

Majesty of Yellowstone. 1 reel. © 14Aug48; M3421. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 18Aug75; R611938.


R611939.

A Portrait of the West. 1 reel. © 4Aug48; M3606. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 18Aug75; R611939.


R612159.

Paramount news, number 098. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
4Aug48; M3243. Major News Library (PWH); 21Aug75; R612159.


R612160.

Paramount news, number 099. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
7Aug48; M3264. Major News Library (PWH); 21Aug75; R612160.


R612161.

Paramount news, number 100. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
11Aug48; M3265. Major News Library (PWH); 21Aug75; R612161.


R612239.

Football thrills, number 11. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 min. © 16Aug48; M3268.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Aug75; R612239.


R612306.

Frolic in sports. 1 reel. © 15Jul48; M5124. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 2Sep75; R612306.


R612506.

The Secret land. By Loew’s, Inc. 6372 ft. © 24Aug48; L1807.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug75; R612506.


R612623.

Panhandle. By Allied Artists Productions, Inc. 7598 ft. © 7Mar48; L1541.
John C. Champion (PWH); 2Sep75; R612623.


R612734.

Singin’ spurs. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 30Aug48;
L1780. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep75; R612734.


R612735.

The Gentleman from nowhere. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
30Aug48; L1781. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep75;
R612735.


R612736.

Black Eagle. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 30Aug48;
L1782. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep75; R612736.


R612737.

Thrills of music, number 8, Ser. 2. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 2Aug48; M3396. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Sep75;
R612737.


R612957.

The Exile. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 8Mar48;
L1674. Universal Pictures (PWH); 18Jul75; R612957.


R613270.

This was a woman. By Excelsior Film Productions, Ltd. 104 min. © 6Mar48;
LF259. Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 5Jun75; R613270.


R613271.

Paramount news, number 077. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
22May48; M3061. Major New Library (PWH); 5Jun75; R613271.


R613272.

Twenty years of Academy Awards. 2 reels. © 2Apr48; M3073. Academy of
Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (PWH); 5Jun75: R613272.


R613273.

Paramount news, number 078. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
26May48; M3092. Major News Library (PWH); 5Jun75: R613273.


R613274.

Paramount news, number 079. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
29May48; M3157. Major News Library (PWH): 5Jun75; R613274.


R613275.

Paramount news, number 080. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
2Jun48: M3158. Major News Library (PWH); 5Jun75; R613275.


R613298.

The Rider meets Blaze. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Tex Granger,
episode no. 15) 2 reels. © 8Jul48 (in notice: 1947); L1704. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep75; R613298.


R613299.

Hot Scots. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 8Jul48; L1705.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep75; R613299.


R613300.

Lulu Belle. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 20Jul48; L1716.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep75; R613300.


R613301.

I surrender, dear. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 20Jul48;
L1723. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep75; R613301.


R613302.

The Arkansas swing. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels, ©
26Jul48; L1732. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep75;
R613302.


R613303.

Acqua zanies. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (The World of sports) 1
reel. © 15Jul48; M3368. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
4Sep75; R613303.


R613304.

Community sing, number 9. Ser. 12. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 5Jul48; M3375. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep75;
R613304.


R613354.

Mickey and the seal. 1 reel. © 18Aug48; L1982. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 4Sep75; R613354.


R613355.

Tennis racquet. 1 reel, © 18Aug48; L2348. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
4Sep75; R613355.


R613356.

Honey harvester. 1 reel. © 11Aug48; L2350. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH): 4Sep75; R613356.


R613357.

Seal Island. 4 reels. © 3Aug46; L2357. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
4Sep75; R613357.


R613358.

So dear to my heart. 10 reels. © 12Aug48; L2366. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 4Sep75; R613358.


R613359.

All in a nutshell. 1 reel. © 30Aug48; L2586. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 4Sep75; R613359.


R613428.

Old rockin’ chair Tom. By Loew’s, Inc. 677 ft. © 1Sep48; L1792.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep75; R613428.


R613429.

Martin Block’s Musical merry-go-round; with Frankie Carle & Marjorie
Hughes. No. 5. By Loew’s, Inc. 943 ft. © 1Sep48; L1793.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep75; R613429.


R613430.

The Fabulous fraud. By Loew’s, Inc. 908 ft. © 1Sep48; L1794.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep75; R613430.


R613431.

Martin Block’s Musical merry-go-round; with Tex Beneke & Les Brown. By
Loew’s, Inc. 876 ft. © 1Sep48; M3334. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH);
8Sep75; R613431.


R613495.

The Gay intruders. 8 reels. © 1Sep48; L2030. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 8Sep75; R613495.


R613496.

The Creeper. 7 reels. © 18Aug48; L2045. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 8Sep75; R613496.


R613497.

Night wind. 7 reels. © 25Aug48; L2060. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 8Sep75; R613497.


R613498.

The Luck of the Irish. 11 reels. © 1Sep48; L2113. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 8Sep75; R613498.


R613499.

Desert lights. 1 reel. © 24Aug48; M3422. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 8Sep75; R613499.


R613547.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 295. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Aug48; M3339. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Sep75; R613547.


R613548.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 296. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Aug48; M3340. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 11Sep75; R613548.


R613549.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 297. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Aug48; M3341. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Sep75; R613549.


R613550.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 298. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Aug48; M3342. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Sep75; R613550.


R613551.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 299. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Aug48; M3343. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH): 11Sep75; R613551.


R613552.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 300. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Aug48; M3344. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Sep75; R613552.


R613553.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 301. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Aug48; M3345. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Sep75; R613553.


R613554.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 302. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Aug48; M3346. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 11Sep75; R613554.


R613648.

Pixie picnic. 1 reel. © 3Sep48; M3435. Walter Lantz Productions, Inc.
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613648.


R613657.

The Case of the baby sitter. By Screen Art Pictures Corporation. 4
reels. © 15Sep47; L1204. Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 10Sep75;
R613657.


R613939.

Feudin’, a-fussin’ and a-fightin’. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8
reels. © 24Jun48; L1911. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613939.


R613940.

Another part of the forest. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 12
reels. © 8Jun48; L1912. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613940.


R613941.

Are you with it? By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 8Jun48;
L1914. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613941.


R613942.

River lady. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. © 8Jun48;
L1915. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613942.


R613943.

All my sons. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 8Jun48;
L1917. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613943.


R613944.

Up in Central Park. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. ©
8Jun48; L1918. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613944.


R613945.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 148. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Jun48; M3177. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613945.


R613946.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 149. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Jun48; M3178. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613946.


R613947.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 150. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel, © 8Jun48; M3179. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613947.


R613948.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 151. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Jun48; M3180. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613948.


R613949.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 152. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jun48; M3181. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613949.


R613950.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 155. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Jun48; M3182. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613950.


R613951.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 156. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Jun48; M3183. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613951.


R613952.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 153. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Jun48; M3287. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613952.


R613953.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 154. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Jun48; M3288. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613953.


R613954.

Woody Herman and his orchestra. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 23Jun48; M3490. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613954.


R613955.

Red Ingle and his Natural Seven. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 23Jun48; M3492. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613955.


R613956.

Singin’ the blues. By Universal International Pictures Company, Inc. 1
reel. © 8Jun48; M3494. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613956.


R613957.

Spotlight serenade. By Universal International Pictures Company, Inc.
(Sing and be happy series) 1 reel. © 8Jun48; M3495. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 15Sep75; R613957.


R613958.

Mighty timber. By Universal International Pictures Company, Inc. (Answer
man series) 1 reel. © 8Jun48; M3497. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75;
R613958.


R613959.

Copa carnival. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. (Variety views) 1
reel. © 23Jun48; M3500. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613959.


R613960.

Flood waters. By Universal International Pictures Company, Inc. (Answer
man series) 1 reel. © 8Jun48; M3501. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75;
R613960.


R613961.

Rockets of the future. By Universal International Pictures Company, Inc.
(Answer man series) 1 reel. © 8Jun48; M3502. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Sep75; R613961.


R613962.

Gaucho fiesta. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. (Variety views) 1
reel. © 23Jun48; M3518. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613962.


R613963.

Whatta built. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. (Variety views) 1
reel. © 23Jun48; M3519. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613963.


R613964.

Paris on the Plata. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. (Variety views)
1 reel. © 23Jun48; M3552. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Sep75; R613964.


R614092.

Why is it? By Loew’s, Inc. 8 min. © 15Sep48; L1820. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. (PWH); 19Sep75; R614092.


R614183.

Embraceable you. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 25Aug48;
L1766. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 19Sep75; R614183.


R614184.

Spinach versus hamburgers. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
27Aug48; L1785. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 19Sep75; R614184.


R614185.

The Shell-shocked egg. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 16Aug48;
M3258. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 19Sep75; R614185.


R614186.

Up-standing sitter. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 16Aug48;
M3259. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 19Sep75; R614186.


R614187.

Let’s sing a song from the movies. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel.
© 16Aug48; M3260. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 19Sep75;
R614187.


R614188.

The Rattled rooster. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 27Aug48;
M3432. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 19Sep75; R614188.


R614189.

A Day at the fair. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 2 reels. © 15Jul48;
M3184. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep75; R614189.


R614236.

Strawberry roan. By Gene Autry Productions. 8 reels. © 4Mar48; L1488.
Gene Autry (PWH); 22Sep75; R14236.


R614446.

World’s middleweight championship, Tony Zale versus Marcel Cerdan. By
Ringside Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 22Sep48; M3314. Greatest
Fights of the Century, Inc. (PWH); 24Sep75; R614446.


R614485.

World’s middleweight championship. Rocky Graziano versus Tony Zale. By
Coram Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 11Jun48; M3089. Greatest Fights
of the Century, Inc. (PWH); 24Sep75; R614485.


R614936.

Wet blanket policy. 1 reel. © 20Aug48; M3475. Walter Lantz Productions,
Inc. (PWH); 29Sep75; R614936.


R614956.

Dig that gold. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 2 reels. © 25Jun48; L1726.
Marian B., Inc. (PWH); 30Sep75; R614956.


R615033.

Tea for two hundred. 1 reel. © 7Sep48; L2143. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 9Oct75; R615033.


R615158.

Cowboy cavalier. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 4Jul48;
L1745. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615158.


R615159.

Back trail. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 18Jul48; L1746.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615159.


R615160.

The Fighting ranger. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
15Aug48; L1754. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615160.


R615161.

Sixteen fathoms deep. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. ©
25Jul48; L1842. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615161.


R615162.

Silver trails. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 22Aug48;
L1854. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615162.


R615163.

The Sheriff of Medicine Bow. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 55 min. ©
19Sep48; L1855. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R15163.


R615164.

The Rangers ride. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 26Sep48;
L1856. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615164.


R615165.

The Golden eye. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 22Aug48;
L1857. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615165.


R615166.

The Babe Ruth story. 12 reels. © 14Aug48; L1877. Allied Artists
Productions, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615166.


R615167.

The Music man. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 5Sep48;
L1878. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615167.


R615168.

The Shanghai chest. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 65 min. © 11Jul48;
L1879. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615168.


R615169.

Winner take all. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. Add. ti: Joe Palooka
in Winner take all. 64 min. © 12Sep48; L1951. Allied Artists Pictures
Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH);
2Oct75; R615169.


R615170.

Kidnapped. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 26Sep48; L1967.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram Pictures
Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615170.


R615264.

Triple threat. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 22Sep48;
L1814. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615264.


R615265.

The Loves of Carmen. By Beckworth Corporation. 10 reels. © 28Sep48;
L1828. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615265.


R615266.

Walk a crooked mile. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. ©
15Sep48; L1934. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75;
R615266.


R615267.

Hollywood Friars honor George Jessel. By Columbia Pictures Corporation.
(Screen snapshots series, no. 27) 1 reel. © 17Sep48; M3397. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615267.


R615342.

Red River. By Monterey Productions. 13 reels. © 17Sep48; L1809. United
Artists Corporation (PWH); 2Oct75; R615342.


R615343.

Snow place like home. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Sep48;
L1821. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615343.


R615344.

Olympic cavalcade. By Westport International Film, Inc. 7 reels. ©
24Sep48; L1837. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615344.


R615345.

The Rope. By Transatlantic Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. © 25Sep48;
L1845. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615345.


R615346.

Two guys from Texas. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. ©
4Sep48; L1905. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615346.


R615539.

The Sainted sisters. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels, © 30Apr48;
L1582. EMKA Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75;
R615539.


R615540.

Hazard. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 28May48; L1645. EMKA
Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75; R615540.


R615541.

Emperor waltz. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 2Jul48; L1712.
EMKA Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75; R615541.


R615542.

Hatter’s castle. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 18Jun48; L1731.
EMKA Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75; R615542.


R615543.

Dream girl. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 23Jul48; L1738. EMKA
Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75; R615543.


R615544.

So evil my love. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 6Aug48; L1744.
EMKA Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75; R615544.


R615545.

A Foreign affair. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 20Aug48; L1765.
EMKA Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75; R615545.


R615546.

Beyond glory. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 3Sep48; L1786. EMKA
Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Oct75; R615546.


R615547.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 157. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Jul48; M3289. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615547.


R615548.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 158. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jul48; M3290. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615548.


R615549.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 159. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Jul48; M3291. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615549.


R615550.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 160. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © l3Jul48; M3292. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615550.


R615551.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 161. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jul48; M3293. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615551.


R615552.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 162. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Jul48; M3294. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615552.


R615553.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 163. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Jul48; M3295. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615553.


R615554.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 164. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Jul48; M3296. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615554.


R615555.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 165. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Jul48; M3355. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615555.


R615556.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 166. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Aug48; M3356. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615556.


R615557.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 167. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Aug48; M3357. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615557.


R615558.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 168. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Aug48; M3358. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615558.


R615559.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 169. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Aug48; M3359. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615559.


R615560.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 170. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Aug48; M3360. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615560.


R615561.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 171. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Aug48; M3361. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615561.


R615562.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 172. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Aug48; M3362. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615562.


R615563.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 173. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Aug48; M3407. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615563.


R615564.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 179. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Aug48; M3408. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615564.


R615565.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 175. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Sep48; M3409. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615565.


R615566.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 176. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Sep48; M3410. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615566.


R615567.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 177. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Sep48; M3411. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615567.


R615568.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 178. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Sep48; M3412. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615568.


R615569.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 179. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © l6Sep48; M3413. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615569.


R615570.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 180. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Sep48; M3414. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615570.


R615571.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 181. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Sep48; M3442. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615571.


R615572.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 182. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Sep48; M3443. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615572.


R615573.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 183. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Sep48; M3444. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 6Oct75; R615573.


R615663.

The Three musketeers. By Loew’s, Inc. 125 min. © 22Sep48; L1844.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Oct75; R615663.


R615860.

News of the day. Vol. 19, issue no. 303. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Sep48; M3458. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615860.


R615861.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 200. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 3Sep48; M3459. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615861.


R615862.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 201. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Sep48; M3460. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615862.


R615863.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 202. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 10Sep48; M3461. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615863.


R615864.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 203. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 15Sep48; M3462. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615864.


R615865.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 204. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Sep48; M3463. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615865.


R615866.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 205. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 22Sep48; M3464. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615866.


R615867.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 206. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Sep48; M3465. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615867.


R615868.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 207. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 29Sep48; M3466. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 14Oct75; R615868.


R616162.

Smugglers Cove. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 10Oct48;
L1989. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 15Oct75; R616162.


R616303.

Professor Tom. By Loew’s, Inc. 8 min. © 14Oct48; L1923.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct75; R616303.


R616304.

Wandering through Wales. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Oct48; M3418.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct75; R616304.


R616351.

Tap roots. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. © Walter Wanger Pictures
Company, Inc. 12 reels. © 24Jun48; L1945. Universal Pictures (PWH);
4Nov75; R616351.


R616384.

Playful pelican. By Walter Lantz Productions, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Oct48;
M3441. Walter Lantz Productions, Inc. (PWH); 23Oct75; R616384.


R616556.

The Big sombrero. By Gene Autry Productions. 7 reels. © 27Sep48; L1832.
Gene Autry (PWH); 7Nov75; R616556.


R616595.

The Red shoes. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 15 reels. © 15Oct48;
L2216. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 30Oct75; R616595.


R616596.

Oliver Twist. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 12 reels. © 25Oct48; LF146.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 30Oct75; R616596.


R616597.

Blind goddess. By Gainsborough Pictures, Ltd. 10 reels. © 18Oct48;
LF152. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 30Oct75; R616597.


R616598.

The Weaker sex. By Two Cities Films, Ltd. 9 reels. © 11Oct48; LF155.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 30Oct75; R616598.


R616866.

The Creeper. By Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. 7 reels. ©
18Aug48; L2045. Edward Small Productions, Inc. (PWH); 7Oct75; R616866.


R616888.

Lucky ducky. By Loew’s, Inc. 8 min. © 6Oct48; L1924.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R616888.


R616926.

Apartment for Peggy. 10 reels. © 30Sep48; L2082. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 30Oct75; R616926.


R616927.

Bungalow 13. 7 reels. © 25Oct48; L2114. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 30Oct75; R616927.


R616928.

Football finesse. 1 reel. © 29Sep48; M3618. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 30Oct75; R616928.


R616929.

Way of the padres. 1 reel. © 15Sep48; M3657. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 30Oct75; R616929.


R616930.

The Night has a thousand eyes. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. ©
22Oct48; L1887. Emka Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
30Oct75; R616930.


R616931.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 184. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Oct48; M3445. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 30Oct75; R616931.


R616932.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 185. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Oct48; M3476. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 30Oct75; R616932.


R616933.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 186. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Oct48; M3477. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 30Oct75; R616933.


R616934.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 187. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Oct48; M3478. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 30Oct75; R616934.


R616935.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 188. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Oct48; M3479. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 30Oct75; R616935.


R616936.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 189. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Oct48; M3498. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 30Oct75; R616936.


R616937.

Universal international newsreel. Vol. 21, no. 190. By Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Oct48; M3499, Universal Pictures
(PWH); 30Oct75; R616937.


R616938.

Isn’t it romantic? By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 8Oct48;
L1850. Emka Division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 30Oct75;
R616938.


R616951.

The Tioga Kid. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 6 reels. © 12Jun48; L1670.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616951.


R616952.

So this is New York. By Screen Plays, Inc. 8 reels. © 25Jun48; L1689.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616952.


R616953.

Pitfall. By Regal Films, Inc. 10 reels. © 13Aug48; L1760. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616953.


R616954.

Northwest stampede. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 8 reels. © 19Aug48; L1769.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616954.


R616955.

Good Sam. By Rainbow Productions, Inc. 13 reels. © 18Aug48; L1797.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616955.


R616956.

Lady at midnight. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 7 reels. © 11Aug48; L1810.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616956.


R616957.

In this corner. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 7 reels. © 23Sep48; L1827.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616957.


R616958.

Michael O’Halloran. By Windsor Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 8Aug48;
L1841. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616958.


R616959.

No minor vices. By Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 5 reels. © 6Oct48; L1895.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616959.


R616960.

Mister Peabody and the mermaid. By Inter-John, Inc. 9 reels. © 20Aug48;
L1920. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616960.


R616961.

Macbeth. By Literary Classics Productions. 12 reels. © 7Oct48; L2039.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75; R616961.


R616962.

The Girl from Manhattan. By Charing Cross Productions, Inc. 8 reels. ©
1Oct48; L2053. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov75;
R616962.


R616979.

Trail of the Mounties. By Bali Pictures, Inc. 5 reels. © 15Dec47; L1462.
Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 6Nov75; R616979.


R616980.

Where the North begins. By Bali Pictures, Inc. 4 reels. © 13Dec47;
L1467. Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 6Nov75; R616980.


R617027.

Goofy gymnastics. 1 reel. © 8Oct48; L2584. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 5Nov75; R617027.


R617028.

Sheep dog. 1 reel. © 22Oct48; L2585. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
5Nov75; R617028.


R617070.

Road house. 10 reels. © 31Oct48; L2199. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 5Nov75; R617070.


R617148.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 208. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Oct48; M3467. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617148.


R617149.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 209. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Oct48; M3468. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617149.


R617150.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 210. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Oct48; M3469. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617150.


R617151.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 211. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Oct48; M3470. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617151.


R617152.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 212. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 15Oct48; M3625. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617152.


R617153.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 213. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Oct48; M3626. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617153.


R617154.

News of the day, Vol. 20, issue no. 214. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 22Oct48; M3627. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617154.


R617155.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 215. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Oct48; M3628. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617155.


R617156.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 216. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 29Oct48; M3629. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 10Nov75; R617156.


R617239.

The Lost one. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. Add. ti: La Traviata. 9
reels. © 1Oct48; L1829. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
6Nov75; R617239.


R617240.

Rusty leads the way. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
6Oct48; L1835. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov75;
R617240.


R617241.

El Dorado pass. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 12Oct48;
L1851. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov75; R617241.


R617242.

The Gallant blade. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 26Oct48;
L1882. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov75; R617242.


R617243.

Candid microphone. Ser. 1, no. 1. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 5Oct48; M3369. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Nov75;
R617243.


R618230.

Billie gets her man. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
9Sep48; L1831. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75;
R618230.


R618231.

The Untamed beast. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill,
episode no. 01) 2 reels. © 12Oct48; L1853. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618231.


R618232.

Go chase yourself. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 14Oct48;
L1867. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618232.


R618233.

A Lass in Alaska. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 21Oct48;
L1869. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618233.


R616234.

A Day at C.B.S. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen snapshots,
ser. 28, no. 2) 1 reel. © 7Oct48; L1870. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618234.


R618235.

A Hot reception. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill, episode
no. 03) 2 reels. © 26Oct48; L1876. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 17Nov75; R618235.


R618236.

Jungle gold. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill, episode no.
02) 2 reels. © 13Oct48; L1889. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
17Nov75; R618236.


R618237.

I’m a monkey’s uncle. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
20Jul48; L1904. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75;
R618237.


R618238. Baby Face Baker. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Community
sing, ser. 13, no. 1) 1 reel. © 16Sep48; M3352. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618238.


R618239.

Elliot Lawrence and Orchestra. By Columbia Pictures Corporation.
(Thrills of music, ser. 3, no. 1) 1 reel. © 23Sep48; M3370. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618239.


R618240.

Acrobatic babies. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 14Oct48;
M3474. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618240.


R618241.

Hollywood holiday. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen snapshots,
ser. 28, no. 1) 1 reel. © 2Sep48; M3506. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618241.


R618242.

Diving champions. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 min. © 23Sep48;
M3507. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618242.


R618243.

Community sing. Ser. 13, no. 2. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 21Oct48; M3508. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
17Nov75; R618243.


R618331.

The Cat that hated people. By Loew’s, Inc. 7 min. © 10Nov48; L1931.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618331.


R618332.

The Kissing bandit. By Loew’s, Inc. 102 min. © 10Nov48; L1942.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618332.


R618333.

Ice aces. By Loew’s, Inc. 8 min. © 10Nov48; M3569. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc. (PWH); 17Nov75; R618333.


R618355.

Middle distances. By United World Films, Inc. 11 min. © 7Jan48 (in
notice: 1947); MP2387. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH);
13Nov75; R618355.


R618356.

Discus. By United World Films, Inc. 10 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice: 1947);
MP2386. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618356.


R618357.

High jump. By United World Films, Inc. 11 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice:
1947); MP2390. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618357.


R618358.

Cross section of Central America: Guatemala. By United World Films, Inc.
20 min. © 1Aug48; MP2431. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH);
13Nov75; R618358.


R618359.

Horsemen of the pampa: Argentina. By United World Films, Inc. 20 min. ©
1Oct48; MP2433. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618359.


R618360.

Riches of the veld: South Africa. By United World Films, Inc. 20 min. ©
1Nov48; MP2437. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618360.


R618361.

Chimp the fireman. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jan48; M2641.
Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618361.


R618362.

Chimp the cowboy. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jan48; MP2642.
Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618362.


R618363.

Rome, the eternal city. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Feb48
(in notice: 1947); MP2869. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH);
13Nov75; R618363.


R618364.

The Sea urchin. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Mar48 (in notice:
1947); MP3047. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618364.


R618365.

Earthworm. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Mar48 (in notice:
1947); MP3048. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618365.


R618366.

Life cycle of a fly. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Mar48 (in
notice: 1947); MP3049. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH);
13Nov75; R618366.


R618367.

Life cycle of a trout. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Mar48;
MP3054. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618367.


R618368.

Development of the chick. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Mar48
(in notice: 1947); MP3457. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH);
13Nov75; R618368.


R618369.

Life cycle of the frog. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Mar48 (in
notice: 1947); MP3458. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH);
13Nov75; R618369.


R618370.

Nomads of the jungle: Malaya. By United World Films, Inc. 2 reels. ©
7Sep48; MP2280. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618370.


R618371.

Grand Canyon. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jun48; MP2378.
Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618371.


R618372.

Hurdles. By United World Films, Inc. 11 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice: 1947);
MP2380. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618372.


R618373.

Javelin throw. By United World Films, Inc. 11 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice:
1947); MP2381. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618373.


R618374.

Sprints. By United World Films, Inc. 21 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice: 1947);
MP2382. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618374.


R618375.

Relays. By United World Films, Inc. 11 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice: 1947);
MP2383. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618375.


R618376.

Shot put. By United World Films, Inc. 11 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice:
1947); MP2384. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618376.


R618377.

Oysters and muscles. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jun48;
LP1745. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618377.


R618378.

No Indians, please. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Feb48;
LP1742. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75; R618378.


R618379.

Broad jump. By United World Films, Inc. 11 min. © 7Jan48 (in notice:
1947); MP2385. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 13Nov75;
R618379.


R618841.

Uninvited blonde. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 2 reels. © 12Nov48; L1929.
Marian B, Inc. (PWH); 20Nov75; R618841.


R618842.

Silent conflict. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
19Mar48 (in notice: 1947); L1551. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee
under the declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd
dated Jan. 6, 1960 (PWH); 20Nov75; R618842.


R618843.

The Dead don’t dream. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
30Apr48; L1616. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan.
6, 1960 (PWH); 20Nov75; R618843.


R618844.

Sinister journey. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
11Jun48; L1687. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan.
6, 1960 (PWH); 20Nov75; R618844.


R618845.

Borrowed trouble. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
1Jul48; L1761. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan.
6, 1960 (PWH); 20Nov75; R618845.


R618846.

False paradise. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. ©
15Jul48; L1795. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the
declaration of trust by William L. Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan.
6, 1960 (PWH); 20Nov75; R618846.


R618847.

Strange gamble. By Hopalong Cassidy Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 1Aug48;
L1802. Grace Bradley Boyd, surviving trustee under the declaration of
trust by William Boyd & Grace Bradley Boyd dated Jan. 6, 1960 (PWH);
20Nov75; R618847.


R618927.

3 godfathers. By Loew’s, Inc. 105 min. © 17Nov48; L1958.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Nov75; R618927.


R618928.

Mouse cleaning. By Loew’s, Inc. 7 min. © 23Nov48; L1993.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Nov75; R618928.


R618929.

Night life in Chicago. By Loew’s, Inc. 9 min. © 17Nov48; M3570.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Nov75; R618929.


R618942.

Trouble preferred. 7 reels. © 10Nov48; L2094. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 20Nov75; R618942.


R618943.

Jungle patrol. 8 reels. © 2Nov48; L2116. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 20Nov75; R618943.


R618944.

Unfaithfully yours. 11 reels. © 5Nov48; L2117. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 20Nov75; R618944.


R618945.

The Snake pit. 12 reels. © 4Nov48; L2124. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corporation (PWH); 20Nov75; R618945.


R618946.

When my baby smiles at me. 10 reels. © 5Nov48; L2130. Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corporation (PWH); 20Nov75; R618946.


R618947.

Belle Starr’s daughter. 8 reels. © 3Nov48; L2198. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 20Nov75; R618947.


R618948.

Bermuda. 1 reel. © 2Nov48; M3607. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation
(PWH); 20Nov75; R618948.


R618949.

Neptune’s playground. 1 reel. © 17Nov48; M4145. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 20Nov75; R618949.


R618950.

Buccaneer bunny. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 24Oct48 (in
notice: 1947); M3434. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 21Nov75;
R618950.


R618951.

Smart girls don’t talk. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. ©
9Oct48; L1883. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 21Nov75; R618951.


R618952.

Johnny Belinda. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 27Oct48;
L1886. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 21Nov75; R618952.


R619331.

Olympic water wizards. 1 reel. © 23Nov48; M3829. Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corporation (PWH); 26Nov75; R619331.


R619707.

Robin Hood winked. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Nov48; L1933.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec75; R619707.


R619708.

June bride. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 13Nov48;
L1941. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec75; R619708.


R619709.

Fighter squadron. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 27Nov48;
L1960. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec75; R619709.


R619756.

Pickled puss. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Sep48; L1826. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619756.


R619757.

Congo Bill springs a trap. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo
Bill, episode no. 04) 2 reels. © 2Nov48; L1892. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619757.


R619758.

Leather gloves. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 2Nov48;
L1897. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619758.


R619759.

Racing luck. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 8Nov48; L1901.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619759.


R619760.

White shadows in the jungle. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo
Bill, episode no. 05) 2 reels. © 9Nov48; L1903. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619760.


R619761.

The Return of October. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. ©
15Nov48; L1907. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75;
R619761.


R619762.

Mummy’s dummies. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 4Nov48;
L1908. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619762.


R619763.

The White queen. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill, episode
no. 06) 2 reels. © 17Nov48; L1926. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 3Dec75; R619763.


R619764.

Quick on the trigger. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
23Nov48; L1935. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75;
R619764.


R619765.

Black panther. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill, episode
no. 07) 2 reels. © 23Nov48; L1938. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 3Dec75; R619765.


R619766.

A Pinch in time. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 11Nov48;
L1956. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619766.


R619767.

Sinister schemes. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill, episode
no. 08) 2 reels. © 30Nov48; L1957. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 3Dec75; R619767.


R619768.

Manhattan angel. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 24Nov48;
L2142. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619768.


R619769.

Can you top this? By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 18Nov48;
M3509. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619769.


R619770.

Stars to remember. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen snapshots,
ser. 28, no. 3) 1 reel. © 12Nov48; M3562. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619770.


R619771.

Babe Didrikson, queen of sports. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 25Nov48; M3619. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
3Dec75; R619771.


R619772.

Flashing fins. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 25Nov48;
M3859. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75; R619772.


R619773.

Thrills of music. Ser. 3, no. 2. By Columbia pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 4Nov48; M3875. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 3Dec75;
R619773.


R619921.

Dog tax dodgers. 1 reel. © 26Nov48; M3514. Walter Lantz Productions,
Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R619921.


R619949.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 217. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 3Nov48; M3630. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619949.


R619950.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 218. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Nov48; M3631. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619950.


R619951.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 219. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 10Nov48; M3632. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619951.


R619952.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 220. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Nov48; M3633. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619952.


R619953.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 221. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Nov48; M3634. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619953.


R619954.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 222. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Nov48; M3635. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619954.


R619955.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 223. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Nov48; M3636. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619955.


R619956.

News of the day. Vol. 20, issue no. 224. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Nov48; M3739. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 8Dec75; R619956.


R620067.

The Untamed breed. By Sage Western Pictures. 8 reels. © 26Oct48; L1898.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620067.


R620068.

Smoky Mountain melody. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
6Dec48; L1969. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76;
R620068.


R620069.

The witch doctor strikes. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill,
episode no. 09) 2 reels. © 7Dec48; L1992. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620069.


R620070.

Trail of treachery. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill,
episode no. 10) 2 reels. © 14Dec48; L1997. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620070.


R620071.

A Desperate chance. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill,
episode no. 11) 2 reels. © 22Dec48; L2018. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620071.


R620072.

Parlor, bedroom and wrath. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
16Dec48; L2019. Colombia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76;
R620072.


R620073.

The Lair of the beast. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Congo Bill,
episode no. 12) 2 reels. © 28Dec48; L2028. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620073.


R620074.

Jungle Jim. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 31Dec48; L2033.
Colombia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620074.


R620075.

Robin hoodlum. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 23Dec48;
L2037. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan 76; B620075.


R620076.

Crime on their hands. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
9Dec48; L2051. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76;
R620076.


R620077.

Community sing. Ser. 13, no. 3. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 23Dec48; M3813. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
2Jan76; R620077.


R620078.

Thrills of music. Ser. 3, no. 3. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 16Dec48; M3842. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
2Jan76; R620078.


R620079.

Rhapsody on ice. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. © 23Dec48;
M3843. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620079.


R620080.

Hollywood’s Santa Claus Lane. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Screen
snapshots, ser. 28, no. 4) 1 reel. © 23Dec48; M3933. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan76; R620080.


R620478.

Paramount news. No. 101. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Aug48;
M3270. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620478.


R620479.

Paramount news. No. 102. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Aug48;
M3271. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620479.


R620480.

Paramount news. No. 103. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Aug48;
M3307. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620480.


R620481.

Paramount news. No. 104. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Aug48;
M3308. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620481.


R620482.

Paramount news. No. 1. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 28Aug48;
M3312. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620482.


R620483.

Paramount news. No. 2. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Sep48;
M3313. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620483.


R620484.

Paramount news. No. 3. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Sep48;
M3353. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620484.


R620485.

Paramount news. No. 4. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Sep48;
M3354. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620485.


R620486.

Paramount news. No. 5. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Sep48;
M3371. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620486.


R620487.

Paramount news. No. 6. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Sep48;
M3372. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec75; R620487.

R620690.

Water for dry land: USA—the Southwest. By United World Films, Inc. 2
reels. © 17Nov48; MP2279. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH);
5Dec75; R620690.


R620691.

Farmer-fishermen (Norway) By United World Films, Inc. 766 ft. © 1Dec48;
MP2424. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 5Dec75; R620691.


R620692.

Tropical mountain island (Java) By United World Films, Inc. 794 ft. ©
1Dec48; MP2475. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 5Dec75;
R620692.


R620693.

News parade of 1948. By United World Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Nov48;
MP2624. Universal Education and Visual Arts (PWH); 5Dec75; R620693.


R620702.

Football magic. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 3Sep48; M3310.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 12Dec75; R620702.


R620703. The Man from New Orleans. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 2
reels. © 28Aug48; M3329. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 12Dec75; R620703.


R620704.

Roaring wheels. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 10Oct48; M3390.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 12Dec75; R620704.


R620705.

Rif Raffy Daffy. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 24Nov48; M3536.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 12Dec75; R620705.


R620706.

My bunny lies over sea. By The Vitaphone Corporation. Add. ti: My bunny
lies over the sea. 1 reel. © 10Dec48; M3609. Warner Brothers, Inc.
(PWH); 12Dec75; R620706.


R620707.

Stupor salesman. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 10Dec48; M3669.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 12Dec75; R620707.


R620901.

The Greener yard. 1 reel. © 19Nov48; L2582. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 8Dec75; R620901.


R621160.

Jungle goddess. By Crestwood Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 1Oct48; L1884.
Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 18Dec75; R621160.


R621161.

Return of wildfire. By Crestwood Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 1Oct48;
L1885. Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 18Dec75; R621161.


R621162.

Shep cones home. By Lippert Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 5Dec48; L2084.
Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 18Dec75; R621162.


R621163.

Thunder in the pines. By Lippert Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 5Dec48;
L2085. Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 18Dec75; R621163.


R621164.

Last of the wild horses. By Crestwood Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 1Dec48;
L2086. Weiss Global Enterprises (PWH); 18Dec75; R621164.


R621201.

Paramount news. No. 8. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Sep48;
M3394. Major News library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621201.


R621202.

Paramount news. No. 9. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Sep48;
M3398. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621202.


R621203.

Paramount news. No. 10. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Sep48;
M3399. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621203.


R621204.

Paramount news. No. 11. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Oct48;
M3425. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621204.


R621205.

Paramount news. No. 12. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Oct48;
M3426. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621205.


R621206.

Paramount news. No. 13. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Oct48;
M3446, Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621206.


R621207.

Paramount news. No. 14. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Oct48;
M3447. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621207.


R621208.

Paramount news. No. 15. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Oct48;
M3480. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; F621208.


R621209.

Paramount news. No. 16. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Oct48;
M3481. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621209.


R621210.

Paramount news. No. 17. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Oct48;
M3482. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621210.


R621211.

Paramount news. No. 18. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Oct48;
M3483. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621211.


R621212.

Paramount news. No. 19. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Oct48;
M3527. Major News Library (PWH). 15Dec75; R621212.


R621213.

Paramount news. No. 20. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Nov48;
M3528. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621213.


R621214.

Paramount news. No. 21. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Nov48;
M3533. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621214.


R621215.

Paramount news. No. 22. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Nov48;
M3534. Major News Library (PWH); 15Dec75; R621215.


R621338.

Words and music. By Loew’s, Inc, 119 min. © 7Dec48; L2007.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Dec75; R621338.


R621339.

Act of violence. By Loew’s, Inc. 82 min. © 10Dec48; 12015.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Dec75; R621339.


R621340.

Scholastic England. By Loew’s, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Dec48; M3575,
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Dec75; R621340.


R621341.

Let’s cogitate. By Loew’s, Inc. 719 ft. © 10Dec48; M3576.
Metro-Goldwyn-mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Dec75; R621341.


R621495.

Hot cross bunny. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 2Aug48; M3224.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R621495.


R621496.

Dough ray me-ow. By The vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 19Aug48; M3247.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R621496.


R621497.

Odor of the day. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 10Oct48; M3391.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R621497.


R621498.

The Foghorn Leghorn. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 12Oct48;
M3392. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R621498.


R621499.

Hare splitter. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 18Oct48; M3429.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R621499.


R621500.

Daffy dilly. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 21Oct48; M3448.
Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R621500.


R621501.

A Lad in his lamp. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 31Oct48;
M3457. Warner Brothers, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec75; R621501.


R621638.

Esther Waters. By Independent Producers, Ltd. 12 reels. © 1Nov48; LF164.
Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 22Dec75; R621638.


R621639.

Daybreak. By Triton Films, Ltd. 9 reels. © 12Jul48; LF289. Rank Film
Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 22Dec75; R621639.

These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


   Page            Changed from                    Changed to
  LP44783 Archie and the guiz.           Archie and the quiz.

 ● Typos fixed; non-standard spelling and dialect retained.
 ● Enclosed italics or underscored font in _underscores_.



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 74885 ***
